---
{}
---
I'm as bad of a conversation starter as an open-dialogue writer, articulating thoughts and ideas has always been one of my shortcomings yet such significant moment like this urges me to write a short narration to explore the past, present and future. I feel the need to write this before entering a world which I have meticulously, to the utmost of my ability, research and trying to make sense of, the more I look into it the more I realize uncertainties and consequently certainties of the road lies ahead. This date, Aug 12th 2018 is the end of a journey that a lot of thought and reflection from which many experience could be drawn. 

I would like to start telling journey from primary school but unfortunately, my brain would not assist such long memory retention. Therefore I would like to talk about my college stories and experiences. Like many of my associates, the start of university life begins with the end of high school life, therefore this is where I want to start. It's was Friday, June 14th, 2014 - the last studying day of school was long passed and prom date ended one week ago. However, this is not the last date that I will ever be presented in this high school. It's a special date nevertheless, this is the last date I get to spent as a student in this school. In my former high school, there is a particular dress code on Monday for young boys and girls which are traditional "ao dai" for girls and not-so-traditional outfit of white shirt and white jeans for boys. Such dress code has been complied by all senior high-schoolers on that Friday, marking of an important occasion. We would come early to take picture with each other, signing T-shirt and sharing the same atmosphere of goodbyes. We traded wishes, promises, compliments, jokes, hugs, tears, presents, laughter, ... 

There was a ceremony at 8 where properly is the last time we sat down as a unifying grade, class of 2014 for the last time. There are speeches, musics, talks, and sound of everyone mashing together in an momentous occasion. We talked, hugged, smiled, took pictures with everyone not just within our class but among classes of different majors. There are certainly differences, conflicts in the past, but in such moment like this, all of it gone into obscurity, unimportant and unbothered. Throughout three years in Le Quy Don highschool we - class of 2014 from all majors has gone through one of the most life-changing events of the school as well as of ourselves. We are the last generation to experience studying in our old facility in central of Vung Tau city, and the first to move into new facility in a remote area. I faintly remembered the opening ceremony date as school officials were going to a restaurant to enjoy their dinner while all students enjoy theirs in the brand new cafeteria. This is my first experience eating in any cafeteria. Fast forward to our last date of being an student, we have grown into different person with different paths in mind, most of which in my class is studying abroad. Nevertheless, we sat down as a class for the last time later that day. 

There were presents, there were talks from our beloved form teacher and parents of students, seeing everyone in the same class knowing that this wouldn't happen ever again brought about a hard-to-describe expression. This is also the last time I have to carry out my duty as a doorkeeper. A doorkeepers is the person to arrival at the class earliest and leave last. This time, there is only arriving because, once I close that door, I won't be the one to open it again. Other students will, the next generation will open that door and continue their own path of study. The obligation is no longer just to close the door to ensure that we will come for the next day, it is now to ensure that other will. As a relatively self-centered, pragmatic, almost robot-like piece of human being, I feel weird when my action is not out of my own goods, but for others. 

As the party ended, and everyone has left, everything has been clean, chairs and tables has been neatly arranged, I stood there silently, there are nobody in our hall, just me and the classrooms, I take a good hard look. I such moment one tend to recall all mental, emotional memories associated with a familiar place, I was thinking of the future, I no longer have obligation, no duty, no obvious call of action. I'm on my own now, without any guidance and direction. Nevertheless, there are unexplored path ahead. After taking a good last look at the classroom, I went out and perform my duty for the last time. Close the door.

As I descend to the ground floor, music start playing in the hall, people were singing "Tam Biet" by Lynkee, this is the end of a journey, this is where I left.

---
Previous day: [[(2019-09-04) Silence Engulfed]]]
