Leaving a noise-polluted place with an irritated lack of sleep, I found myself at a regular place nearby on a boulevard-like street in a suburban area with nice peach-tea and obligatory air-conditioning. In the comfort of modern inventions, one might temporary forget immediate physical needs such as shelter or water and grow to concern more about general issue that, in my country, would deemed as none-of-your-business issue. Such as the state of entertainment degradation, and toxic party culture, those kinds of stuff. Any mention of it would evoke response to tell that people are allowed to do whatever they desire, that this is personal preference. While it is true people are entitled to their own indulgent, one might get concerned over the lack of options thereof. And would search for the line between to find social implication that the majority of people either oblivious to or apathetic about.

The noise pollution in term of home karaoke, while being publicly denounced, and legally restricted (though enforcement of said law are rare), still gain popularity among lower social class as a main form of entertainment. First instinct would attribute this phenomenon to lack of financial means to conduct any other entertainment form that marginally better than karaoke itself, but second thought and further dives yield more comprehensive state of entertainment in Vietnam, alternatively lack of thereof. Sports, Reading, Games (gambling included), Gardening are all viable alternative to karaoke but the later is disproportionately engaged by than other options. And with cheap and accessible portable sound system, an overwhelming number of low class people take to the streets to set up a place to drink and sing. There are certainly good reasons for this such as that these types of event is interpersonal and has high reward both mentally, emotionally and its promote group connection (the nature of which is supportive or tribal are of another debate). What I find interesting is that among all kinds of entertainment, sport seems to dim compared to the alternative. One could argue that this is a physically high demanding task that contain competitive elements which, unless delicately balanced, would ruin connectivity between people from 02 teams. Whereas, a drink and sing typically less likely to invoke conflict. Regardless of personal benefit, let assess net happiness that is accounted by this activities. Certainly those who engage in a drink a drink will net happiness. However, those outside, though outnumbered, loses significantly. Anyone who live within hearing distance will be irritated by the noise. Though in a countryside setting where house are far apart. There is no such problem, they could have an all-night drink and sing without any inconvenience to other. In contrast, sing and drink in moderately to densely populated area present a net lose to total human happiness where at any give time, the number of people affected by this outnumbers those who don't. People loses sleep, lose productivity, distracted, irritated. In addition, there are the after clean-up that is rarely done by those who host it and mostly ignored by other until the place is in heavily trash polluted place which then prompts action from the authorities. First response to this problem are the tendency to ban but as history shows, you cannot ban your problem away (unless you are in China in 1979). Mostly people will continue to do what they having been doing. Also, wishing that people will become better than they are is similar to wishing upon a star, in that the star is likely dead and what you see is just a remnant of what used to be, in short, its fiction. What I personally propose is making other options viable both in term of accessibility and affordability. Such as more public library, public parks and playgrounds, indoor sport center. This would not solve the entirety of problem but by making other options accessible, it could draw a critical mass that alter to composition of entertainment. Sure drink and sing is still around, but it is not prominent therefore, reduce its impact on people in densely populated area. Moreover, those who not enjoy their noisy neighbor could find a place to engage in entertainment activities that both beneficial to themselves and other. There are immediate pessimistic attitude toward the idea of more public good that I admit is concretely-grounded. There is an unwillingness from those who are able to implement public good construction (who I obviously not refer to). Right now you expect me to drop a solution which I unfortunately does have. Anyone is aware of this issues knows that they don't care, in fact, they are oblivious to its. And if there are to be plan for building one, it would be filled with corruption and the quality is admittedly terrible. There comes a time that people must embrace the futility of resistance, and to say that I am aware of the problem, I am aware that there is a solution, but unfortunately I am in a position which render me unable to meaningfully impact a problem that I concern, however I will raise this problem to other anyway, because it is the first step to solving a problem (though not even in the near future). I used to sadden me but now, it is ... what is it. At least we acknowledge this issue. That's nice, that's something. Ultimately, reality will catch us. We are but a single organism that will make impact but only to only a set of specific problem that unique to us. Therefore, we must fight everyday for your cause, whether it's personal gain, public net happiness, or just for shit and giggle. Sometimes good wins, but sometime bad people win a get away with it. Once accepted, you will feel fine making any decisions. Even if it's a decision to rant about problem that is not-of-your-business.
Link: [[None of my business꞉ the state of “home-grown” entertainment]]

---
pre: [[(2019-04-07) Before April]]
