Human emotion is one of the most complex phenomenon both psychologically and biologically. We define emotion upon reaction to events, interaction, objects. A scattered activation of neutron and the relief of various chemical compounds that in essence, dictate any range of expressions that we have. On a psychological level, event, smell, scenery, sound associated with events that evokes either happiness, sadness, bitterness, love, anger, hateful, melancholy, etc. I have long held a believe that we are in control of our emotion, that we are able to condition ourselves to behave correctly, my gradual realization contrastively concludes that we are only in control of the manifestation of our emotion, our outer reaction to a situation, a event, a person. Consistence correction of expression leads to shift in expectation, wherein situation that may invoke sadness to people will become normal to other. This effect of constant adjustment in expectation are shape by family, friends, media, or alternatively, any means of communication that conveys context and emotion associated with it. You are what you consumes takes to the higher level of not just physical but mental and psychological.

My consumption of contents is strictly curated so that my experience (hours of the day interacting) is greatly different than that of people around, which leads to asymmetry of experience between myself and other. Thus, leads to altered expression of interest in many subjects including despicable crimes, scandals, wrong-doings, I am now apathetic to those news since knowing it won't meaningfully impact future courses or past actions. The roots of almost every fundamental problems upon which it is translated into said despicable crimes, scandals, wrong-doing, etc reported by media are thoroughly explored, explained. There are countless proposals of theory to interpret everyday action on individual and societal level, to which little solutions were applied, and rarely its effect be recorded for further assessment of effectiveness. The notion that people should stay informed must include an asterisk next to it explaining the extent thereof.

One aspect of emotion that I have trouble with is affection. The internal dynamic and external expression of affection seems anecdotally consistent. Yet, the receiving party seems inadvertently misinterpret and/or response with external expression that I could not comprehensively translate. Inconsistency between communication leads to further conflict and lack of external reference points to which actions are calibrated. I am however, conduct regular training of normal behaviors that must be express on the appropriate occasion, this comes as an unnatural, actively-maintained, metal-consuming tasks that must be constantly upgraded and expanded. 

---
pre: [[(2019-04-14) None of my business꞉ the state of “home-grown” entertainment]]
