
My first thought is - as always - is it real, I mean my emotion, are the chemical reactions in my brain genuine, that I am genuinely interested in someone for who they are and not who I project them to be. I always think highly of myself that I am not that kind of men who would like many woman at once, that once I like someone, the capacity for investing interest in other is non-existence, I keep telling myself that I would love people for who they are, but I fall sick in love for the first impression. I thought I act selfish love, but I secretly demand more. I thought I am loyal, until the ability not to present itself. I thought I am a machine, until I stand between decisions where emotion get the best of me. I thought I am confessing to myself to become better, I only do this because I hate being told to have been wrong by other and not by myself. I am the only authority with permission to criticize myself, only when criticizing does no lasting consequences. 

I deceive my own conscience that I am righteous, I am a saint, I am the only good person in my life, while in fact they are skewed perception of myself. I thought by doing what I want other to do to me, they would feel the same as I am. I am my own hypothesis, experiment, result and conclusion. A self-contained experiment that is unable to evolve and mature since there was no chance for random deviation. 

Being through broken stage a lot, I am unable to cope with it, the last time I was in this position I suffered fate worst than dying. I was unable to cry or feel any sadness. I got to face the reality head on, no escape to fantasy world, no escape through substance, no refusing what had happened. It was just pain in its purest form, pain that I feel, should put me out of this existence, but I was there, unable to. It was just ... numbness. When you were young, you accidentally put your hand on the heated oven and immediately regret it. You learnt to become afraid of hotness. So when I gone through such trauma, I afraid of being in such stage again. 

I feel hopeless, I feel inhuman, I feel like human should not endure this, and should be given the option to end it all. The agency which this option entails gives human strength to move on, be it dead or alive. I gave up on that agency, cause I am too, afraid to die. By not wanting to give up my life I have given up my last option as a human to say no, I feel like a coward for not ready to take such action when it is too much to bear. I am truly, wholly and desperately trapped. There is no easy way out now, it is just a painfully, slowly death both physically, mentally and emotionally. There are always encouragement that "You miss 100% of the shot you don't take" that "things will get better", but they don't know that things will get worse. the word "worse" haunted me because worst means it ends. But "worse" does not, I am at the bottom now, yet I am keep falling. I fail to see any point in continue. 

What keeps me alive is just responsibility, to my job, to my family, to the society that I live. I thought about it a lot. I compare it to being a slave to your own Once, those are finished, so am I. That when all point cease to exist. That is when a meaningful existence ceases.

Today, I have one less reason to be meaningful. I was not loved. to say it was hard is an understatement, it shatters me. But then, so was other times in the past. Is this time different? I feel that it is, but I firmly believe to whomever I told, they will say that you are just a r/niceguy, nobody own you anything, you are just an entitled asshole who pretend to be nice. It used to bother me but it doesn't now. I won't and I can't justify my own emotion, so anyone who would is free to do so.

It has been long since I could call an happiness my own. And the last time that it was is when I send her flowers. I feel genuinely happy, for myself, for her. I could not stop smiling when I see that she has received the flowers, and that other also happy for her. I sound like an 8 years-old trying to love someone for the first time, but I come to terms with it now. It was just what it is. And now, happiness is gone. I feel like the more I become happy, the more depressed I get. That it is best for me to be sad all the time, so I don't get happy, because if I did, I would get even sadder. 
related: [[I'm broken today]]

---
pre: [[(2019-10-02) Day xx of unemployment]]
