In late of February 2018, I decided to adopt a yearly theme for 2018 (concept founded by CGPGrey). The premise of yearly theme is that new year resolution is suck, here is a better approach for all your goals and targets, you pick up a specific theme for your year and then have it as an element that influences every part of your decision within that particular year. The difference between yearly theme and new year resolution is that the former is a direction and the latter is a goal. Yearly theme is meant to run silently in the background while new year resolution is an active objective that one must achieve.

**I. Foundation**

Year of Design is my yearly theme for 2018, which benefited me a lot, there are decisions that I wouldn't made hadn't it for my chosen theme. The most broadly-defined course of action for Year of Design is simply to organize a routine that optimizes effort-reward ratio and hour-action ratio. A limited active hour in one day means that allocation of effort and time must be effective. Therefore, I must first adopt a doctrine that aligns with this goal. The books mentioned below provides some of the best idea for how work should be done:

- Essentialism: *The Disciplined Pursuit of Les*s by Greg McKeown
- Deep Work: *Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted Worl*d by Cal Newport
- Getting Things Done: *The Art of Stress-Free Productivit*y by David Allen

The first two books provide a philosophical foundation of work ethics and the last book provide a methodological tool to enact it. The critical nuance is to achieve more while doing less by leveraging your competitive advantage, grouping actions by context and prioritization. the whys, hows, whens will be answered in the contents of these books.

**II. The projects**

**Project Timer**

Having a good idea of what and how I should design routine, I started to question what and how I have been performing my routine. This led to the first Project: Timer. The goal is to identify what I do, how long I do it and attempt to find patterns that could be later analyzed. I first found a time-tracking app that could record block of time spent with different labels. I settled with Toggl, which is a beautiful and easy-to-use tool that make time-tracking less of a hassle. Then, I organize all information in a comprehensive format of a table like below.

This is a typical report that has all essential information such as "Working", "Personal" and "Out" as primary categories. The first two terms are self- explanatory and the third is an indicator for hours spent in traffic. This table serves two purposes: time allocation management and time effectiveness review, both of which correspond to hour-action ratio and effort-reward ratio respectively. This report is the foundation upon which beneficial activities will be integrated. Initially, there were goals for each week with hours allocated to certain activities, but that has been a failed attempt to increase productivity since there has yet been any tasks management set-up that enforces those activities. This, in turn, led to the next project.

**Project Task Management**

Project Management started earlier than Project Timer but carried a less seriousness and more of an experiment for various styles of management. But after finishing "Getting Things Done" by David Allen, the GTD method becomes the primary process regardless of what apps I use. My own interpretation of this method is the binary decision, which is the art of narrowing n choices into 2 choices.

i.e: were you to choose which drinks to take, your options are Pepsi, Coca-Cola, Lipton, Sprite, Fanta, Orange Juice, Milk. You do not have 07 options you have 02 -either choose to drink carbonated drink or non-carbonated drink or either processed drink or fresh drink. What criteria is used to divide your option should be stemming from your priority, which should be behavioral rather than situational. Further divisions of choices are infinite.

- ***Note***: The argument between behavioral and situational priority is a subject for another time.

Likewise, Open-ended threads that exist in your head, via GTD method, are divided into actionables - task that can be done within 3/5/10 minutes [personal preference varied] and non-actionables. Then, non-actionables are divided into Project - task that you definitely going to do with a clear timeline and Someday - task that you maybe going to do. Further break-downs are of your own choosing. This helps to eliminate The Tyranny of Choice.

Productivity management requires 03 components for an effective manifestation of productivity:

- Note Taking (Evernote, Notable, Google Keep, Slack, OneNote, etc.)
- Task Management (Google tasks, Todoist, Trello, etc.)
- Reminder (Google Calendar, Todoist, etc.)
- ***Note*:** Task management software usually has built-in reminder. Usability of the aforementioned apps is of another topic.

Functionality of each component is of equal importance. it answers what, when and how to do a project. Note-taking contains resources for your project, Task management outlines what tasks should be done in what order and reminder is a trigger system that sets you off do to a task. These simple but incredibly useful tools facilitate implementation of a project. Bonus if your tasks are repetitive, you can save your process for future similar projects.

Personally, I am using Notable - a markdown-based, locally-stored app that is under development from Github as my note-taking app, I find the ability to use third-party apps to store my notes and be able to access it with various apps both on PC, Android and iOS convenient. For task management and reminder, I am using Todoist, this app is specifically inspired by the "Getting Things Done" book by David Allen and using it has been the most intuitive, user-friendly experience that I've had.

Overall, Project Task Management has been a well-spent experience. There are certainly many productivity-centric apps that need further exploration but Todoist is what I settled for now.

**III. Finding Your Routine**

With roughly 17:00 hours a day 10:00 of which is devoted to "Work" or work-related, options for doing less to achieve more narrows down to either extending waking hours to +17:00 or allocate existing hours more effectively. Therefore, routine that saves a lot of time comes to be valuable.

***Podcast + Commute***: This is the most valuable routine for me since I am able achieve two objectives within the duration of time: update personally-interested news and drive to work. I am listening to “Hello Internet”, “Cortex”, “Science Friday”, and occasionally “The Jordan B. Peterson Podcast”.

***Audiobook + Running***: I used to listen to Audiobook while commuting. I stop doing that. Audiobook is a densely-compacted and cognitively-demanding activity that cannot be effectively consumed while doing other demanding tasks such as driving. Therefore, podcast is better suited because its information is less compacted and phasing out every now and then does not affect the overall listening quality.

***Media consumption***:

- News: I used to stop following any news outlet less it is hobby-related or it is the weather, that includes any local or international news outlet. However, I do now keep some type of news from website such as Hacker News ([https://news.ycombinator.com/](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fl.facebook.com%2Fl.php%3Fu%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fnews.ycombinator.com%252F%253Ffbclid%253DIwAR3xFaAf658Q8COGVRSQ26lf4F4yYClKNOJNLHUYq0W-42fRs3i5oY4749k%26h%3DAT35AemYP26c5PT1vB9c-YSNobxE7WvWvg2zbSbrzsdnBHY1QlQxg3BU5_16yVpETgJKdFHNEEkXY-1LKiFEYDCStXpIBbxEHVULwFFNYl0Yj1s9PXsM_yfzD6BPfW4-6qkK_xpKUYv9P35dmGQIVg&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw05L7IcsWR2Vk45LuRpm_LF)) but only select headlines that spark my interest. Then, I let it sit in my Pocket app for few days until a free time slot open itself. Usually when I am waiting for something, or I am actively browsing for news. Any articles should be at least 01-week-old before I read them because some news are so insignificant that after 01 week, it becomes obsolete. If I were to read it right then, I would have wasted few minutes. Whereas having it stored for few days, I am able to skip any news that is not that impactful. (courtesy to CGPGrey for this method).
- Social Media: FB is replaced mostly by Reddit, not a great step but the content in Reddit is more community-focused and I have the ability to control my feed, unlike FB where they design to exploit FOMO (Fear of Missing Out) by changing news feed whenever you refresh so that you will continually coming back, which isn't my problem now because here is my news feed.

**Meditating**: This is one of my key habits that I would like to revisit in the future. My initial goal for implementing this habit is to slow my own perception of time. By doing nothing for short period of 5 - 10 minutes, I am able to re-calibrate my perception and can accurately expect how much time will I spend for other activities. This is useful as it is inspiring because often, I would give up on doing further activities in the evening after work because I feel that time fly faster. After 05-10 minutes of meditating, there are plenty of time - it's like magic! Other would suggest a power nap, but past me know, I will sleep till morning whether it's 7:00 PM or 12:00 AM when hitting the bed.

**Reading**: Already replaced by listening to Audiobook, seriously, this is like cheating in an exam, but legal. Although I acknowledge all advantages that come with reading an actual physically-presented book, it is only useful for the second reading where I review and summarize the book for further use.

Intermittent diet: I hate buying food all the time so it would be nice if I stop doing that, it wastes time, energy and human labor. Intermittent diet allows me to eat only once a day (dinner), so that I don't have to worry about other meals. After few days of intermittent diet, you will realize that your breath will become stinky because your body no longer produce saliva that help to restrain bacteria in your mouth and no, no amount of brushing will help you. Here is what happened, your body produce saliva in the expectation of food, which is delivered at a set time in a day (i.e: Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner). When you disrupt this cycle, the body stop producing saliva and since it plays an important role in combating bacteria, your breath will become stinky.

**Journal:** Occasionally. I used to do 1 -3 lines a day, now it's 01 major note a month. Reasons are not clearly articulated yet so this might be a story for another day.

There are other small tweaks here and there in the way I do stuff, but they are - although save time - does not contribute meaningfully to what I am aiming for.

**IV. Conclusion**

That concludes the Year of Design. Progress that I made is expectedly less significant than what I have set out to do. But the difference between actual result and my expectation does not bother me as much as before. This is, by far, the most positive change this year, to be contented with your progress, even if the progress is just moving from 0 to 1.

From the book of the same title “Zero to One” by Peter Thiel, good businessmen move their business from 1 to n, while great entrepreneur move their idea from 0 to 1, the leap from 0 to 1 while small, hold a meaningful merit to those who involved in the process. Therefore, I invite any of you to move any areas that you wish to improve from 0 to 1 this year.
Link: [[Year of Design 2018]]

---
pre: [[(2017-10-27) Ngồi giữa Sài Gòn]]
