  It's 7:30 pm at Estella, the peach milk tea I has just order guarantee sleeplessness and a bad mood for next Monday. But where else could you sit comfortably in air-conditioned environment in this city.. 

It's has been 02 weeks since I moved to new place in Dist 2 and found a room-mate, albeit less desirable. There are lots of changes in the past month and there will be in the forthcoming. Time and condition does test the human capability. I hate to use the word challenging since it implies hardness to which anecdotal experience says absolutely but my future-self my just laugh at for 'tis but a scratch, but I - past-self would like to ask you-future-self to spare some understanding for the fact that up to this point, I has not been through any of this, ever. So it is difficult to take every correct decision and exercise a so-called "pro gamer move" (at least it's what current hip meme would say) and execute a perfect 360 no-consulting decision for accommodation, room-mate, job (upcoming - now this is what I call a fuck-up 420). 

Having ranted enough, what has happened? Well future me, let's go down the memory past with me. It all started with a hunch in June, a beautiful summer time that filled with hard-work and no play as the current company that we worked at (as a case processor) moved their office. We discover that the majority of people there are kind of [redacted] (um let say not fond of physical activity that is absolutely critical to moving office). There were more red flags than Southern Vietnam on Unification date. The collective actions [or inaction] lead me to believe that this is not the ideal environment. Then comes the overtime work after office having been moved. Why overwork? - you ask. I have no idea either, while the immigration team always get off on time, the education team, in contrast, worked until 7:00, 8:00 PM. There is no clear evidence of more workload, more student. Then, I thought of leaving the company. Why? what I mentioned are some of the last straws that tip the scale on which my decision lies. Then, I was hesitate to turn in my notice because I was the only processing staff at that time, I thought if there were more people, my job would have been less heavy, this thought coincides with the need of new intern so naturally, I saw my chance of leaving. 

At the same time, a crucial piece of news is dropped on me harder than Thanos dropping an entire moon on Ironman. The landlord of the old [redacted] (the little piece of shelter that we went to sleep after a day at work/school) said - after 05 years - that he had sold his place to another heartless piece of shit that only in it for the money. There will be no trouble if it wasn't for the fact that we have only 01 month to decide whether to leave or stay and pay for a small price of x6 amount of EVE online subscription (I will let you calculate yourself). It was atrocious - I presumed. 01 month is not even enough to find a decent parking lot in this city let alone a place to leave. Although changes of accommodation has been on my mind for over a year, I never expect to leave without a proper plan. Therefore the frenzy 20 days of my life started, with the first 10 that I was too stressed out to do anything. I eventually found a place via a contact that I asked a year ago. At first I was searching for houses in Binh Thanh Dist, but having done my research, it was not a good place to live aside easy of traveling (to workplace). So, Dist. 2 is the next area, I eventually (though hastily) secure a nice apartment (larger than the previous one). The price-tag is, um.. should be sharable. If 02 people were to live here, it should cost only as much as the old place. So there come the second issue, finding a room mate. If you were not a girl who live near Binh Thanh and has a stable job as a HR manager in a multi-national company, the chance of you getting a near to competence/nice room mate is as slim as that piece of pork in the bowl of noodle that you eat this morning on your commute. The room mate that I found is terrific. After another 20-or-so days, and a lot of posts on facebook, I get a (spin wheel pls) - a personal trainer who is absolutely not smelling horrible, play generic music on speaker, watch fb videos all night and fall asleep leaving the music on. The only consolation I get is that he will not be at home all the time. But consider how horrible the average Joe is, he could change, if he could not, then it will be dependent on concrete rules. Many thing needs improvement in order to make our home a viable place for just sleeping. 

So what now? Now is the time for any plan that I have left for year of Extension. and Year of Sustainability? - you ask. Well, I will do it, but not this year. There are many urgent problems that need to be dealt with promptly. Now is the time for personal improvement, that IELTS certificate we have always wanted for better job prospect - we could have time to do it now that we are unemployed in September. As a matter of fact, I don't know, but I will try my best to figure it all out. I do it for you future self, I anything go wrong, please note that I do not have the power of hindsight, if I do, I would win lottery ticket already. Truth to be told, Year of Extension will force itself to implementation in the upcoming time, since I must do a lot of connecting in order to get a job and better hobbies. Play Starcraft II and EVE online is alright, but it will not beat actual human talk (dread it, run from it, casual conversation will arrive). It's hard to find like-minded person because if they were me, they would also refrain from interacting with the majority of the population. 

To end this note, I would like to attach a paragraph that concerned with something we have been burning in the back of our mind 

"Combine these two processes, and you get the basic structure of a secular cycle. There are about a hundred years of unalloyed growth, as peasant and noble populations rebound from the last disaster. During this period, the economy is strong, the people are optimistic and patriotic, and the state is strong and united.

After this come about fifty years of “stagflation”. There is no more room for easy growth, but the system is able to absorb the surplus population without cracking. Peasants may not have enough land, but they go to the city in search of jobs. Nobles may not have enough of the positions they want, but they go to college in order to become bureaucrats, or join the retinues of stronger nobles. The price of labor reaches its lowest point, and the haves are able to exploit the desperation of the have-nots to reach the zenith of their power. From the outside, this period can look like a golden age: huge cities buzzing with people, universities crammed with students, ultra-rich nobles throwing money at the arts and sciences. From the inside, for most people it will look like a narrowing of opportunity and a hard-to-explain but growing sense that something is wrong.

After this comes a crisis. The mechanisms that have previously absorbed surplus population fail. Famine and disease ravage the peasantry. State finances fall apart. Social trust and patriotism disappear as it becomes increasingly obvious that it’s every man for himself and that people with scruples will be defeated or exploited by people without.

After this comes the depression period (marked “intercycle” on the graph above, but I’m going to stick with the book’s term). The graph makes it look puny, but it can last 100 to 150 years. During this period, the peasant population is low, but the noble population is still high. This is most likely an era of very weak or even absent state power, barbarian invasions, and civil war. The peasant population is in a good position to expand, but cannot do so because wars keep killing people off or forcing them into walled towns where they can’t do any farming. Usually it takes a couple more wars and disasters before the noble population has decreased enough to reverse elite overproduction. At this point the remaining nobles look around, decide that there is more than enough for all of them, and feel incentivized to cooperate with the formation of a strong centralized state."

The conclusion of the author is that this is a trend in Malthusian population growth, but we are now in a post-Malthusian regime where land is no longer the limiting resource. 

But I disagree, as land has never been the constraining resource. Cultivation and in essence, human labor is the real constrain, it has been like that for the entire history of human.

---
pre: [[(2019-08-01) Hovering in Limbo]]

  

