
Technically, it was 02 days ago, but I am only available now to write anything. In the past days, I was slacking off in its full meaning, sleeping til 10 AM in the morning and napping through 4PM in the evening. The general sentiment of yesterday is like when I was in the hospital several years ago. I wake up without any purpose or course of action, then fiddling around a little bit and went back to slacking again, it is sorta disoriented, not in a sense of actual physical disorientation but mental disorientation. 

So what about the second day of unemployment, what about today? Well, I figure that I can take a bus to the Central Library in District 1. It was an alright experience getting a library card and using public facility. I wake up early and get on a bus to near my destination but unfortunately, the final connecting bus runs kinda late so i just walk over 1 mile to get here. This will become my base of operation from which decision will be made, about what? - you may asked. About anything really, I went to this unemployment with kinda no-plan mentality, I should have a plan but my previous job was to time-consuming for anything. It was a 8:30 to 5:30 but it feels like 7:30 to 8:00. It took a toll on my mental health, I was attacked with anxiety several times during the course of the day, I was mentally exhausted by the daily chase from superior, partner and clients. I was glad to finally get out but I also worried about those who was recruited to take over my position.

I kinda like that new girl and her style, but pity that she would have to take this position even with such extensive responsibility and small compensation. I hope she would not overwork herself to the point that I was but no matter how much I want to help, It would just be wishful thinking since I am no longer present at workplace to help anybody. Truth be told, I like that girl a lot. But sometimes I wonder if my emotion is truly mine or it is just fabricated. There are more than enough instances of doubt that drive myself to doubt even my own thought. If what you think, what you feel was not real. How certain are you that the reality that you perceive with your own interpretation is real. 

But I am now done. Done with anything work-related, yet I am here, waking up at 7:00, even earlier than had I been to work. taking buses to a library where I sat in front of a computer screen writing about work. I was conditioned to work for such a long time that absence of which does sit right with me. So I want to do something and I done it. It just likes when I return early on the Third day of Tet to Ho Chi Minh for a visit. It was a lonely but new experience, and it feels similar to this, no work with no actual activity to do, so I invented one, or else I would have gone back to gaming. It is now dawned on me that I gradually resent gaming now. Because it was the most exciting and least rewarding activities right now. But sometimes I must do gaming because the alternative is to consume shit content on facebook, or reddit, or youtube. Each time I was drawn to a low-value content I resent having consumed it afterward, it is entertaining but would waste minutes of my life nevertheless. 

---
pre: [[(2019-09-26) Today, I am unemplpoyed]]
