Warning: profanity language and incohesive rambling.

It's 02:00 in the morning and my eyes were fixated on the up and down line of $TSLA on NASDAQ. For those who do not follow, $TSLA peaked at $960/share on that day when I exhaustingly monitored the market as if there was a hunt, that something great are going to happen that day, and indeed it did. the retard at r/wsb posted their gain porn on the following after market and everyone got tendies. Beargang has suffered great losses - a total of 8 billion dollars loss to be exact. This stock has been on the bull run probably longer than your mom's climax. Among the retards at r/wsb there was a god u/WSBGod, the messiah, the man himself who bought $1000 TSLA call when it was at $700. He was truly an austist who YOLO'ed all of his liquidity on TSLA call and doubled it. 100k of $TSLA call was now worths over 4 million dollars. And his updated return is shown to be 8 millions, which was insane. People jerked off to six figure gains but this... I imagine every austist here would take turn cum onto a copy of his gains and the video of which will be posted on r/wsb with the title "Austists Bunkake - 4:20". Bears flocked in to tell people that there would be a market correction, but their timing anticipation is off, financially detrimentally off. And when FOMO kicked in and bear started to change their position, it's all over. Bull dumped all of their stocks onto the unfortunate latecomers and secured their gain ready to flip their position to Puts. Bear yet suffered more and Bull continued with 

$MSFT call all in. Elon had become their lord and savior, giver of tendies and memes. Don't doubt ur vibe - he proclaimed. He giveth and he taketh and most important, he got our bacc. As a longtime lurker in the sub, I am intrigued, in the nature of these austists as well as the gambling addition masked as investment from these retards. The Shitpost and Gifs are amazingly of high quality but the DD is too incohesive even for a mentally-disabled person. But it feels right, if retards tell me to get on the train to tendies town buying 2/20 $AMD 500 calls today, then son of a bitch I'm in. But if Business Insider or Bloomberg or CNN says there is a high chance that SPY stock price will likely to increase after earning in March, I would tell them that they are big gay and politely ask them to go and succ SEC dick. Because, if there "expert" are top of the line, then they would be snorting cocaine out of hookers' ass on their own yacht rather than appearing on a dying network to give their " expert opinion" which in my own opinion, is just bullshit wrap in aluminum tinfoil microwaved and served to normies "trader" who invest in "high yield" account of 0.15% growth per year at r/investing or r/financialdependence. Which to clarify, I am also a member of, but only to look down on them with my superior EFTs portfolio. Why save for 10 years with an annual rate of return at 6% while you can make 1000% gain on a FDs YOLO in 1 day. Why eat rice and beans for 10 years when you can turn your $1000 call into six figure tendies. Why gamble in casino when you well know that you will lose money when you can download a fucking free app to disguise your gambling addiction as investing for the future, you get to be called a trader whenever BI or CNN refer to you. It literally can't go tits up. And if you GUH'ed all of your money, just delete the damn app and move to Ukraine, it literally free fucking money, get in on this train to Tendieville. I am sorry ladies and gentlemen, for the incoherence ramble above, if you see anyone talk like that in real life, please patient observe and let them be done with it, you could do them a favor and guide them to the nearest Wendy.

related: [[Case study꞉ an autistics market hypothesis ft. rwsb]]

---
pre: [[(2020-01-01) Year of Volatility In restrospect]]
