I am starting to teach online today, it was a difficult transition since I have no idea how to do an online class, what are the norms and how do you go about presenting to the students. In an actual classroom, I have instant feedback of the mood in the room, as well as easier time eliciting responses from students. But in an virtual meeting, it's hard to look around for faces and read their expression, it wasn't as personable and impactful as a face-to-face conversation. Today, I am still lazy as ever, but since my EVE online subscription has lapsed, I might be getting off my PC for a while and trying to do something more productive. There are several major writing pieces that I haven't completed yet and because this is nearly the end of this year. I'll also need to set some objective for the next. The weather is a little bit cold but in a nice end-of-the-year cold, there are cloudy days but it's mostly sunny in the morning. Yes, this weather is partly the reason for my laziness but on a whole, it's more of an inertia from the EVE online addiction. 

I was just listened to my favorite podcast "Cortex" in which CGPGrey described a problem, or rather a pattern in economic. He dubbed it "the missing middle". When a new category of product emerges, there are a wide range of products that occupied different niches, but the majority of them are in the middle of every dimensions that matters to that segment (i.e: quality, cost, variety, ...). But gradually, mediocre product in every dimension got outcompeted by excellent products that focus on one, for example high-quality but high cost, or low-quality but low-cost. This is due to the fact that the majority of people optimizes for just one dimension as a whole. Therefore, products meeting these criteria enjoy a higher volume of sales and survives. Similarly on Youtube, there are few important dimensions such as long-form; short form, or high-effort; low effort or high-frequency; low-frequency. The long-form high effort and short-form low-effort in turns gradually get all the views and thus creator in the middle got their views decreased due to limited accumulated watch-time. This is an interesting concept that I understand but never thought of it. It happened when mp3 first got introduced, it happened when smartphone first introduced. Then these two categories of products, or rather their manufacturers converged on similar design language at the stage when those markets matured. 

---
Previous day: [[(2023-12-19) Gloomy and Cloudy and it's graduation week I observed]]
