It's the first day back to work and the traffic is quite crowded, there is this narrow part near my workplace that got constantly jammed because there's a small alley that people uses to cross the road, in addition to the fact that it's near a school where students usually leaves at 5:30 p.m. Got some lucky money from the owner of the company, which is nice. I did a training session on TOEIC SW and then a class. There is only 3 students present and they are studying online, so weak attendance after Tet holiday. Next week would be the time when students come back full-force. I also have a new class on Mon-Wed-Fri then. 

Beside that, today is a quite insignificant day. The weather is nice enough, warm that on the borderline of hot, though I heard that it would get hotter next week so senses of summer has already crept in. 

As for my home cook ambition, I've placed more order for some table and shelf to extend my coking space. The table is for putting the electric kettle and rice cooker on, leaving the prime kitchen space for the electric stove. I've cooked some cured meat and eggs today and a problem is that the pan is getting too hot too quickly, I put some butter onto it and by the time I can crack the first egg, it has already browned, so I quickly crack and put the second eggs in, then some canned mushroom soup, and another piece of butter. I was frantically moving. So this is a problem that I need to deal with. The second problem is that the oil spur out everywhere, so the cleanup after is more effort than I feel worth it, in addition to cleaning the cookware, I have to clean the whole kitchen space off the oil every time I fry something. 

Today, the market responded volatile -ly to the war, every single bank and real-estate stock went down hard, and every power and gas stock hit the ceiling, I wish I had been quick enough to buy $GAS right after Tet holiday when market open. But I settle for a meager +0.5% on HPG stock that I bought because it dipped during the market panic. 

Yesterday, I write I followed who used to wrote on Spiderum recommended an excellent substack about politics and governance in Vietnam. His insights into the political theory that the communist party use to rule Vietnam is revealing and how incompetent they are in making progress. For example, in [[Khoảng trống Lý luận]], he argued that Vietnam doesn't have a coherent theory of governance that dictate which trade-offs worth doing when reaching different goals for development. That we don't have a purely political theory that connect different decisions that different administrations made so each new administration made separate and disconnected bunch of policies. It was actually fill in many of questions that I had about how the opaque government rule.

---
pre: [[(2026-02-28) Agentic vs knowledgeable dichotomy and starting to cook some simple dishes]]
