This is the note for after Tet holiday. I've been back to Saigon for a week now after Tet holiday is over. Honestly, this Tet holiday is like any others, but the fact that I and everyone around me is growing older gives me a sense of fleeing time. My parents are going to retire soon and all of my relatives are having noticeably worse health. But in the same time, the generation that is mine and younger got older too. And I am able to have some fun hanging out with them, whereas before, they are too young to do anything, just messing around. I got to play some pool with the some of my younger siblings on my mother side, but on my father side, I hardly visited or saw anyone this year. 

The city of Vung Tau has changed to, there are a lot of road project underway, demolishing some residential areas. These roads, I noticed, connect the far end of VT to the very center, making it easier for tourist to get to the very center of tourism faster. I guessed I know now the priority of my municipality. Also, there is the shrinking of public places nearby the beach, an observation that I was vague before but undeniable now. Private overpriced coffee shop has been constructed to replace some untouched public places, all of which draw a lot of customer it seems. This troubled me a lot, a thing not of my value materializes onto the real world, then do pretty well on it own signaling an incentive to replicate such thing. Such observation call into question my own value, are they obsolete? are they not popular? is it something that just particularly me? Am I alone in believing all my value? Anyway, These development gives me a strange sense that Vung Tau isn't my city anymore, or at least the direction it headed to, I would not become my city. 

So I went back to Saigon on the 7th day of Tet, it was uneventful, the city is still as crowded as ever, albeit less so because some people still hadn't returned. I can see a mix scene of still-vacant storefronts and bigger fronts splitting into small ones to be occupied by high margin business. There is a new optic store and an accessory store opened in my neighborhood, both of which none needed as I predict, it would be closing in 6 month times. But this speaks to the economic situation here im which the only viable business are high-margin ones that no one needs. while locations where even high margin industry cannot make a profit because of the prohibitively expensive rent remained vacant, creating a scene of urban decay. 

Sometimes, I don't know why I care a lot about the background observation that implicates economics situation, it doesn't concern me that other people choose to do things with their own incentive and that incentive isn't aligned with mine, that's ok. But the more I think about it, the more I come to theorize that I could be a signal of disagreement on a fundamental level of belief. There is certainly a feeling of isolation but to put a finger and a word out, it's difficult. I am trying to impact the world in a way that create some values, these value are then being consumes by the rest of society. I tried to create a public-like space where everybody could enjoy but out there, other destroy public space to make for private profit. I want to create transparency and trust so that people could feel assured when interact within such environment, but the society actively destroys trust  and put up barrier to information to benefit from it. It feels like an uphill battle, one which I alone could not go against.

---
Previous day: [[(2024-01-21) Coming back to VT]]
