In the morning, I went to another ACX with two of my friends today. We talked about some topic but we landed on agentic people, or agentic as a characteristic that was highly discouraged in traditional schooling system in Vietnam. An agentic person is some who would like to just do something, the higher the drive the more agentic they are. This is opposed to knowledgeable students, straight-A, who only learn, absorb and understand. Many agentic kids got labeled as dim-witted and unfitted in schooling environment, but in actuality, they are capable of doing things, but only things that they decided to do. And if there is a system that align highly agentic kids with what is productive to society, they would produce some of the most brilliant people in the country. All of this is inspired by an essay by Sam Kriss [[Child’s Play, by Sam Kriss]]. 

This is really relevant in a time where AI - a highly knowledgeable tool is on the road to replace most of knowledge worker, those whose moats are their knowledge and not agency. So we, more than ever, need highly agentic people, precisely because knowledge has been democratized so we need people who would just do things. AI is knowledgeable but they are far from agentic, we would like them to, but agentic come with a deep-rooted human problem of responsibility, that we are responsible for our action, but AI can't, they can certainly try, but the consequences of mishandling issues is of no physical or social consequences to AI.

The essay also tell tales of highly agentic people with knowledge not to the level of the startup that they are managing, to contrast the high agentic/low knowledge (relatively) dichotomy.

In the afternoon, I tried to cook some simple dishes, like omelette and ham plus some canned mushroom soup, seasoned with salt and pepper. It was alright but the ham are too salty, so does the soup to some extend, so I would need  to water down the soup and change to different style of ham.

In the evening, I spend time creating and perfecting the slide for TOEIC speaking part 2. I found these tasks to be energy consuming that others. One issue is that I seems to load all previous knowledge of teaching on to my short-term memories and hold them there for an extended period of time, then run the slide again and again with simulation of how it will go in an imaginary class after each chunk of slide. It feels like I have to front load a lot to just start to work on it, so this creates a huge friction for me. There are still two more parts for Speaking, part 4 and 5. And I'm afraid I can't finish this week in time for next week's classes and potentially new classes in the upcoming days.

---
pre: [[(2026-02-27) Setting up home cook continued]]