It's a low moving day for me. In the morning, I cooked a piece of pork alone with another piece of fish. Similar experience drawn with high heat (2000W) until smoking point at the beginning then put them meat and fish in. But this time, I flip them quickly so they don't brown too much. Then do it again several time then turn down to 1100W. Several flips later, I still feel like it's too hot so another drop to 600-700W. All the cooking took 10 minutes or so. I hope it cooked through, I mean when I eat the meat and the fish, it felt firm and cooked so I guess. I also boiled some pea, it has been in my freezer for two weeks and I haven't eaten them frequently enough, there's still more than 80% of it left. 

Oh, I also bought some HPG and POW stock because they have been hovering around the same number for the last few weeks so I figure just sent it. Another annoying quirk of the app that I use to invest, VNDirect it that it's easy to send money in. literally just a QR code, but it's a hassle to withdraw money out because they require VNID to be on-device and connected to the app, which is bullshit because I've already submitted my national ID info to their app already, and the beneficiary account is also the account that I used to send money so there's no reasons to bar me from withdraw them to the same bank account.

In the afternoon, I nap from 1:30 pm until around 3:00 pm because my x4 star bonus on being a newly upgraded TH in Clash of Clans will end around that time, so I must do my attack before it or my bonus will revert back to x1 as normal.

The weather for the whole day is sunny and somewhat hot. Which was opposite of the weather I've been experiencing recently, with a lot of wind and cold wind in the evening. 

Normal water is boring so I dilute 2g of lotus flavor tea to my 1.5 litter water to drink throughout the day. Honestly, the smell and taste are great, just a hint of lotus and tea but none of the concentrated caffeine from them. 

The commute this afternoon to work was horrible, the traffic police had the good idea of letting cars into motorbike lane on Phu My bridge, which has a small exit that the car can barely inched through, so without a doubt, the whole motorcycle lane get jammed. While the lane for cars, which supposedly already  got so stuck that the police had to divert some of them to the motorbike lanes, is free after half way across the bridge. Like if these cars who were in the motorcycle lane actually take the seemingly congested cars lanes at the beginning, they would have actually cleared the bridge faster. Just go to show how idiotic our traffic police has became.

In the evening, after one classes I taught today, there were some free time so I decided to went home and took a walk. I remember in the past I used to walk in the evening, but the habit faded away ever since I took up teaching, which is also in the evening. Walked for 3k steps in an hour, or just little more than 2km. I think I want to keep up regular walking but I woke up too late in the morning and the afternoon is for commuting to work, plus it was too sunny and hot for outdoor physical activity and I used up all my energy in the evening to teach so I have no desire to go outside or even do mental tasks, just plug my brain into YT and run it I say.

---
pre: [[(2026-03-17) Cooking stir-fried beef and fried chicken and went to Thu Thiem 2 park in the afternoon]]