In the morning, I cook a new dish today, stir-fried beef with sweet onion and bell pepper. It turned out alright. The sliced beef cook really fast so I put it in last. When I was cutting the bell pepper I can feel that it's hard and thick so I put it in first and stir it around for a while on high heat around 1100W, then I put in the chopped garlic and onion and stir it around for another 1:30 on high heat before dropping the beef in, then stir it some more. I then lower the heat a bit so I can pour in some water and some soy sauce, and turned it back on again, for about two minutes. At first, I was afraid that the whole pan would taste bland but it's not, so I put in some bouillon powder in for extra seasoning. I was also worried that the bell pepper would still be hard but it's soft so this is a success. 

Another side dish that I wasn't intend to cook afterward but did anyway was fried potato. In the past, I had little success cooking it because the oil would spatter everywhere and the skin would burn before the inside of it is cooked through. But it was a success today, no oil spatter, no undercooked inside. I think it was because of the high heat at first, then lowering it later when I feel like it was too hot.

Feel pretty good to have a good lunch with both the fried potato and stir-fried beef with onion and noodle. 

In the afternoon, I had a decent nap and went to Thu Thiem 2 park at around 4:30 p.m. I set my goal of walking 8k steps but I only did 5k5. I realized that it would take too long to reach 8k since I was only able to walk 4k after 35 minutes. Guess either I have to set more time for walking or go for running if I were to achieve my goal. Because the step counter data on my watch is gonna be imported onto my website tracking it and I want a lovely all purple heat-map (purple meaning more than 8k step per day) so that my goal, might need some re-adjustment to reflect the reality that I am unfit as hell.

In the evening, I supposed to have one class today but they do a whole period mock test so I stay at home to create the PowerPoint for part 4 TOEIC speaking. It was going slow, I haven't made it pass the first few introduction slide because of my meticulous style of creation. Sometimes a blessing, most of the time a waste of time, but I thought to have enjoyed the whole process, not bounded by any deadline so might as well draw enjoyment from doing the thing. This philosophy is also extended to other aspect of my tiny little life. For example, in Clash of Clans, most players prefer to rush to higher TH so they can "enjoy the game play" but it's a game, you should be able to enjoy every TH level regardlessly. If you spend all of your time "not enjoying" to progress to the bit where you would enjoy it in the future, then you are just wasting that amount of time.

I do appreciate the time I spent near the kite flying ground, it was so peaceful and serene, I was imagining take my dad here, he would have loved it, or taking my friends here also. Feel like this place is a hidden gem that only some people know and can access since most of the entrance is block and you do have to know the place to navigate in. Especially on sunny day with blue sky and orange-ish hue from the setting sun like like, with the wind blowing, man it was a dream.

---
pre: [[(2026-03-16) Cooking fish getting better and odd season rain again]]