---
{}
---

**Interlude - a brief moment to breathe**

I.
It was a strange 7 months, for me personally, and to some extent, for everyone. I think this is the first time that I have ever been to a public coffee, as a signal to end this period of staying at home.

I would like to go back to the first few weeks of the pandemic. It was confusing at least, there are misinformation and counter-misinformation everywhere. The first controversial issue was national lockdown. it was unofficially floating around, then officially denied. Everyone was in some sorts of panic; I was in Saigon, and it worried me a bit. But part of me doesn't want to believe that such strict measure could be effectively imposed. I always have doubt in news that's disseminated by the masses because my impression is that they are merely speculating. Through this incident my skepticism was challenged, as every piece of official information was a non-statement at best, and deliberately misinformation at worse. As opposed to what I heard from unofficial sources in social media or through people that I talked with in real life, this information seems to be more accurate considering how things played out. I was in a grocery store when people were talking about strict lock down - the kind that disallow people to go outside, even for buying essentials. There were certainly doubt but I bought a week of grocery anyway. Turned out, they did not announce the lock down policy that week, but the following one. At this point, the misinformation from official sources only went up. It is frustrating indeed, but nevertheless, my own assessment is that what has been somewhat necessary.

Having gone through lock down is like going through a phase. I think everyone experiencing it will have a collective memory that they can share and to some extent, understand and empathy. The comparable that I can think of is when American as "Where were you when 9/11 happened" Everyone immediately understands, for me, what the lock down condensed into is days of online working, cooking and looking out of window in late of afternoon, looking at birds flying in the orange cloudy sky while listening to some EDM and playing Genshin Impact.

II.
Online working is both better and worse than working at the office. I do hate going to the office every day, it was a waste of time preparing, commuting to work and the environment where anyone can bother me had really put a den into my productivity. Also, we must go to some schools to assist teachers, which is another loss of commuting time and energy. On the other hand, having no one around, my accountability gradually declined. I feel like not being able to complete my tasks because of the distraction to do something else (playing on more mission on Genshin impact, browsing reddit, watching YouTube, etc.) is greater than completing my tasks. Besides, I can always defer it to the next day, or do it in the evening (spoiler: I don't). The other thing is social interaction, sure having colleagues poking every now and then is somewhat detrimental for my productivity but positively beneficial for my mental and social gauge. And because of the pandemic, social in the evening is also not a viable option. Being an introvert so I can go a really long time without socializing, but not 6 months long. It does make me feel a little itchy because I used to go to English clubs in the evening every now and then. It has getting stale but there was still some mental benefit left. I am still working online now, but since the lock down has been loosen enough that night activities resume normally, there are opportunities to catch up with some social interaction. Working online makes me realize how important working in an office is for flow of information. I feel like not knowing or catching up with everything besides what I am doing. Which is really irritated because to hedge some risks, I need to know some information from the recruitment team. It used to be that we have several big white boards summarizing information for different schools, and we can communicate instantly about an apparent problematic situation, working online means that a piece of information is constantly being repeated for different groups, which is inefficient, and it risks miscommunication when going from one to the other person. I can feel a real barrier to accessing information that can potentially make my work worse. Nevertheless, I err to the side of working online, with a little bit of going to office. Making going to office a special occasion instead of a daily obligation can really help morale. I'd really like to go to the office for once a week to discuss information, doing meeting to align everyone and maybe having some meal together. It won't be a problem for me because I expect to be bothered on that one day of the week, while the rest will be focused on completing tasks. I don't think the above mode of operation is viable in any company, let alone mine, but a man can dream.

III.
The next impactful thing is cooking. Cooking is, I think, my biggest person change. It used to be that I bought food outside. And because of the inexpensive and diversity of food that can be bought, I forego cooking entirely. My mental calculation of cost and benefit of cooking and buy food is consistently result in the favor of the latter. I always think that I'll cook occasionally, for the sake of my own interest. But truth be told, I only cook rarely. The lockdown introduced a situation where cooking is the only option I had. So, every day for 3 of the most strictly locked down months. I cooked lunch and dinner religiously. And I chose the simplest dish for lunch. Instant noodle + rice and one other dish, it was usually cold meet cooked hot or fried eggs. Sometimes, I'll add some fried vegetables. For dinner, the popular dish is pork - shoulder meat, ribs, minced, etc., doesn't matter, I just fry everything. The next thing is soup - minced meat + vegetables or tofu. Soup is more time consuming, but it is really filling. Though I miss the seasoning more times than I'd like to admit. Oh, and through the whole pandemic, even when my salary was reduced, I save more than normal because of merely cooking home alone. That also led me to doubt that the model of cost and benefit of eating out might be wrong, or at least incomplete. I after few months of cooking on my own, my preference went from eating out first to cooking first because cooking is easier. No, no cooking is an easier guarantee to have dish on your table than finding this that was sold by other outside. But now that everything has gone back to normal, I slack on cooking again. One thing might be that I do not have my own fridge (I put my stuff in my neighbor’s fridge) and now, I need to buy grocery every time I need to cook. My theory is, I optimize for both time and expenses, the mental calculation is consistent, but circumstance changed (take-out food was inaccessible but then became accessible again.) which led to my change in preference. Now I want a fridge, but that is another entire calculation regarding “well, if I move, I need to bring this with me, and it would be a burden.”

IV.
Next thing is not that important, I discovered Genshin Impact, an online (though mostly played in single player mode) RPG gacha game. I found out the gacha part too late, now I am hooked. But compared to my previously favorite game, which Is Maplestory, I found that Genshin is more F2P friendly. I suppose because the game was just one year old. Then again, one-year old Maplestory was F2P friendly and relied on grinding to move forward. Genshin impact is, in its nature, purely gacha. You need gacha to obtain good characters, good weapons, good equipment for your team. But it is really not matter that much until your level is high enough and the content has run out. It was a really good game in term of graphic, story and battle mechanic. That’s what get me hooked in the first place. The new player experience is absolutely amazing, the story is impactful, the soundtrack is incredible. I do love the soundtrack the most, Genshin feels like a game that appreciates and respects the culture that it adopted into the game, it is shown in the story told, character designed, music played. I think this is an excellent game for casual playing. It gets grindy later when you are high enough level, this is when the enjoyment gained decreases over time spent in the game. Besides plot-important events, other activities are not that enjoyable at high level. I hope Genshin can continue its good storyline later and not ending up like Maplestory, where everything went downhill with a terrible update that overhauls the whole game.

IV.
Lock down has been certainly hard for many people, me included. Besides the online working, the cooking and the game playing time. There is basically nothing else. Sometimes I caught myself looking out of the window in late afternoon looking at flock of birds flying around. I really like the orange-ish sky near sunset, and the dark blue and red-ish with a sprinkle of star after sunset. Such atmosphere seems clearer in the pandemic, when no one is allowed to go outside. No noises, no people, it was just the sky, the birds and the landscape. I often play some good melodic EDM while just looking out of the window and let time fly. Maybe in the uncertainty of a pandemic lied reason for one to linger on the moment, or such transcendent moment, on its own, can draw one’s attention. Regardless, I do remember such moment as the something unique of the pandemic.

Having spent such a long time alone does have a toll on my mental health, and the goal set for 2021. What I am doing now is doing a lot of IELTS mock tests, it has been something I’d like to do for a long time. This pandemic has given me a lot of space, in terms of mental and physical to think, to experience, to contemplate. And best yet, the society didn’t move on while I was doing this. It stood still, just like everyone else, so there was no feeling of missing out or left behind. Now things are picking up again, I guess I also need to move on. This is the end of a period, where thing has been said and done, consequences and result has played out, and people are ready to move on. It’s near Christmas and New Year, usually this is the time for celebration and family and reflections. It is once again for a start, and hopefully a better one than 2020, 2021.

---
Previous day: [[(2021-03-03) Year of Declaration - Action that speaks]]

