Before telling you about the current purpose upon which I write, I would like to visit the first time I wrote. It was, to the best of my recollection, in the midst of autumn in 7th grade.

There was a tradition in my own little neighborhood that on every mid-autumn night, we would choose a random staircase, light up each step with miniature and colorful candles, hang our lanterns on the side of stair's handle and talk about all memorable moments within the year. Sometimes, it would be our favorite cartoon or physical games, or anything we can think of really. It was truly a rare occasion where a bunch of little kids get together and actually have something resembling a plan. Part of the fun is in the expectation of the night, part of it was to go out to buy candles, snacks, lanterns, etc. We were in a relatively poor neighborhood so it would take weeks of saving on breakfast allowance to afford many of our decorations. My easily- impressed younger self were dazzled by the mere variety of autumn decorations, but simultaneously dishearten by the price tags. In addition to what could be purchased, we threw in whatever available in our households, mine was just sometimes a spare mooncake, others put in more candles, lighters, strings of tin can lanterns, paper crafted-lanterns, chinese-made electric lanterns of airplane ,cars, butterfly shape, etc. During the night, we would wander through the neighborhood then settle in a far-flung corner of a staircase and tell stories of childish imaginations. From then on, the neighborhood's kids kept up this tradition years to years. Families came and went throughout, so were their kids, but we do our best to maintain that one night of special.

When 7th grade dawned, things started to change as many of us cannot afford time for any kinds of gathering, we either have to study more or prefer to stay at home on our TV or devices but most importantly, we have our own group of friends now. When autumn came that year, I still had few spare candles that would be a waste if thrown away, so as the weirdest kid in town on that day, I decided to just light all of them up at the most remote staircases but this time, it was just me who would see it. Shortly after all the candles were lit came a power shortage. Electricity used to be cut two to five times a week in our neighborhood. And once it did, time itself seems to stop. Families, as if in synchronicity, sit down to look at their own flickering candle in their own house. Parents gathered around their children to talk about the last time there was a power shortage, how this is a common occurance where they grew up, before they moved to this city. The neighboring kids caught a break from whatever inside and in their boredom of listening to such a story, found that there was some pyromaniac burning candles that night. Naturally, they get on board with the idea since there was nothing else to do. The kids threw in whatever available in their household: some put in left-over candles, lighters, strings of old and hastily crafted lanterns from tin-cans in addition to more snacks and paper lanterns that we could afford with our weekly allowance. We talked of how we were, of how things used to be. We were trailing up and down these staircases, ironically cracking into songs but quickly burst into laughter because nobody can remember the lyrics. We tried to put candles where our feet weren't to light as much floor space as we could. The whole space was filled with the warmth color of yellowish light and sounds of laughter. It was a memorable night but it is also the last night of its kind - I thought, and the kids kinda knew it too. Therefore, as an attempt to light the largest fire, (without causing a freaking house fire of course!) we put in all our paper lanterns and burn them in its  full glory at the end of the day.

It felt like the end of an era, that after which none of us will allow ourselves to be like this again. The mid-autumn festival and its night become but a whisper of the past that was only told in reminiscent of the life that has been. A whisper that I tried to write out then, for its purpose is to retell stories, and it was also the purpose when I first wrote, to remember.

Then fast forward a few years later to senior year in high school. I have never been known for being a hard-working student with only above-average grades, I would describe myself as only putting minimum effort to get a passable grade. You would see me sitting at the far end table in the class avoiding any unwarranted attention and only raise hand when ... um actually I don't raise hand, I admire those who do and fantasize about raising hand to answer correctly an extremely puzzling question and is allowed to leave the classroom for the rest of the day in the applause of my peers but it was too much I guess. Therefore, I was delighted when these years are finally over and I can finally move on. But before moving on, properly to a different city and leading a different style of life, I would want to draw closure to a period in which lies 70% of my time (the remaining 30% is for sleep, the best investment anyone could make!).

It was a Friday in June. School year ended half a month earlier and prom was just a week ago. This is the last day that any of us get to spend as a student in this school in this last ceremonial event. Our dress code was a little bit unconventional at least, with traditional ao dai for girls but fully white shirt-to-long-pants for boys (We did a little survey when other schools came to ours and got that conclusion). We would come early to take pictures with each other, signing T-shirt, trading wishes, promises, compliments, jokes, hugs, tears, laughter ... with everyone not just within our class but among different majors (Our school was a high school for the gifted so classes are of different majors like English major, Physics major, Literature major). There were certainly conflicts and stigma among us in the past but in moments like this, all of it gone into obscurity, unimportant and unbothered. There were speeches, musics, talks, but it was more of a background noise to what has been a 3-years journey concluding. Then each class went back to their classroom to their own classroom where stereo-typical conversations of saying goodbye took place.

"I'll miss you."

"We'll keep in touch."

"Let's take a photo together."

"Let's go to the karaoke later."

"I'll hope to see y'all in the next class get-together."

"No, he'll properly not show up."

*Distant sobbing*

That day was also the last I would carry my last duty as the doorkeeper. For those who don't have to close or open doors while you were in school, we usually come the earliest to open our class and leave the latest to close it. After the party having ended and everyone has parted way. After everything was cleaned, chairs and tables neatly arranged. After there were nobody or nothing left that is of us in that classroom, I got to be the last one to close it. Then it suddenly hit me, this is the last thing that I would do as a student, the last responsibility that has to be done. After this, there would be no plan for the future, no obligations imposed by other, no one to tell you what to do. This is what 12-years of studying converges at - a close of a door. You wouldn't have though something such abstract could manifest itself to such physical form.

One consistent theme of eighteen academic years is obedience, obedience to the betterment of a class is not a concern here since it is expected, demanded, and performed. It is obedience in the way that knowledge is led to be understood and problems are led to be solved (1), any deviance from that path to "understand" or "solve" anything becomes heresy.  This is a too common story that has been mentioned by too many mouthpieces, but as a rule of the universe, any problem that, at face value, can be recognized by everyone and feel like it has straightforward solution, is often just one symptom of a systemic problem that occurred due to human dynamic (the worst kind of problem!) and would likely not be solved by any individual effort. But alas I did not seek to solve but rather avoid it altogether. Under normal circumstances if you don't like something or someone, there is always an option of walking away but there was none in school (2). Sometimes I wish I could just skip certain classes to work on that subject on my own or move to work with some students rather than others because it would be more productive. There will be no teachers-on-students conflict in the former and no students-on-students conflict in the later. Education can maintain its monopoly on obedience while students maintain their freedom to choose their own enforcer of obedience. Due to (1) and (2), the academic environment becomes rigid and unbearable to those who involve.

Retrospectively, all of that is just a "meta" - things that matter while we are in it. One of the analogies that I think most appropriate to describe a "meta" is like navigating  through a piece of paper. Each interaction, each event, each decision is like a mark, a line, a shape, a color, a word, etc. The "meta" is choosing which line to draw, which spot to paint, which color to apply, which words to write. Your goal - "the meta" is getting a good-looking piece of paper or at least better than those around. You are free to move around but not really because if you choose to move outside, you can't since epistemically, you are unable to perceive an "outside". Nevertheless, the way in which one can express their stories, or creativity on a piece of paper is endless. Being out of high school is like moving perpendicular to that piece of paper to observe decisions you've made, events you've experienced, not for the intention of trying to draw the best-looking piece of paper but to appreciate and reflect. And that is the purpose to which I then wrote, to contemplate.

I was struck back to the hall that I was standing in by the sound of guitar down the student's waiting lounge, took a long around and closed the door. As I descended to the schoolyard, I saw people make their way to the school's entrance. I think ... This is where I would leave now.

It is unremarkable, I think, regarding the university life and the subsequent working life. Besides occasional noticeable events, it is either that my own recollection of the past is not vividly enough or my time spent in university is actually sucked. Personally, I would see it as a four-years vacation until adopting a job which will occupy the rest of my life. And I am the type of guy who wants to make the least possible movement while vacationing. Until now, one particularly troubled thing is still that I cannot remember what I did in my third year (2016), I didn't even remember having certain subjects while I was in 2016. Then examinations came and I was looking at the schedule thinking to myself: What are half of these subjects? Was I even in these classes? What time is it? Where did I park my motorbike? Am I real? It was like 2016 never happened (and I would like to keep it that way). It was like having amnesia everyday for a year, or there were some really disturbing events that happened in 2016 that as a part of defense mechanism, I walled off any recollection of this year in order to protect myself from whatever it was. Either way, this sounds like an ideal life to have, of living everyday without worry for the next or regard to the previous. But it turns out to be detrimental later.

The answer for "What kinds of job would you like?" is, to me, of the same essence as "What would you want to be when you grow up?" Except the receiver of the second question takes 21 years to come up with an answer then realizing that it is too late when everyone starts asking the first one. Years in university are supposed to be the final trial period before you join the pay-to-win mmorpg that is "life". But I treated as a vacation with the naive assumption that the purpose or, the passion, or the reason, (whatever you want to call it honestly) will arrive at the doorstep within 12 to 14 business days after graduation waiting for me to pick it up and say "cool, it's here". So when internship arrived and the prospect of must having a job came, I was disoriented. This realization is further reinforced with every interview that I took, every question of "Can you tell me a little bit about yourself?", or "What is your strength?", or "Why do you think you are fit for this position?" only pushes me to the reaction of "Please! I don't know, that’s why I am here, to try things out, I promise to be helpful". I never thought of "how would my past experience can fit this position" but rather "how I can help or do this position given the job description in the future", the fact that the majority of questions asked and received in interviews are recollection of the past or imaginary scenarios does not play well to the future-oriented mindset that I was currently standing on. Nevertheless, it is essential for the job of those in HR to examine past experiences as well as their personality, quirks, hobbies to assess one's suitability for a position. So I find that this would be the first time I have to change my own way in the pursuit of something. Therefore, I started writing more, as a way to accumulate experience. As mentioned before, I do care a lot about the past, if it happened, then it happened and there is no reason to care about it less its consequences affect the future. As a result, sometimes similar circumstances repeated in my life without myself noticing it. The core of experience is taking a different course of action to an event in the future while having the hindsight of the past. If one could not recollect the past then there is no hindsight and thus, no experience drawn. I believe the easier term is "Those who fail to learn history are doomed to repeat it".

Only having the recollection is not enough as one must also have the will to act differently than they would have. Humans are not inherently a species of change but rather, a species of tradition. That means we will choose to act now as we would act then. In order to actually take a different decision, we must, to some extent, make such a decision as a different person. Therefore, one should see themselves as not a continuously existing consciousness that is the same from birth to death but rather, different self throughout the progress of time.

The "you" who make their decision at age 18 for which university to study, which friends to hangout with, which person to care for is not "you" right now. He/she is a different person, acting on a different set of experience. And "you" in the future is also a different person with a different set of experience and hindsight. The important thing that I notice is that, while "you" in the past and "you" in the present has already existed, there is nothing that can be changed about them. But "you" in the future ,however, isn't and he/she can be whatever "you" now want them to be. "You" are now responsible for the well-being of someone else in the future. And that is the mindset that I get into when I write now. I write for my future self.

If I care at all for my "future self" in the next 2 hours, I would have eaten now
If I care at all for my "future self" in the next morning, I would have sleep early
If I care at all for my "future self" in the next one month, I would have stop spending so much money on EVE online
If I care at all for my "future self" in the next year, I would have found a more stable job
If I care at all for my "future self" in the next 10 years, I would have saved money for investment
If I care at all for my "future self" in the next 60+ years, I would have .... wait ... I am dead then.

This leads to the final question, why will I write.

Disclaimer: I am not the one who decided this, my future self will. But on his behalf, I think that he will likely write for his legacy. Because one thing that I know about him, he will not let death get in his way of making an impact in the world. A legacy is something that will exist long before you are gone. If you have seen Coco, there is this concept of the second death. The first one is you being carried to your grave, and the second one when the utterance of your name is last spoken. It is when all memories of you are forgotten, there is no traces left, both physically and conceptually. Legacy is an extension of your own will that lives in the way of people. It is like a horcrux but no one is able to destroy it because it doesn't exist physically. (Voldemort should have made a horcrux using Pepe the frog meme, I'm just sayin').

This is where I will leave you, there isn't much left to say. I guess it feels good when you can put something that has been in your mind for such a long time into something that is concrete. It is like pouring water into a cup and seeing all the sediment settled. And as always, drive safe and wear your seat belt.
related: [[Why I write?]]

---
pre: [[(2020-09-05) Problem with short-term memory that leads to poor writing and IELTS test]]

