It's a little bit hot in the teacher room today, and I have to charge my laptop as well as using it so the sitting position isn't that comfortable. Today is uneventful for sure, which is a thing I've been saying a lot. To be honest, I do feel like stuck in a loop or a routine, everyday I do not do a lot of productive stuff and can't feel any kind of progress toward my goal. Although one of my daily reminder is to advance a task, I rarely finish it. Even right now, I am not interested in in writing this note also, but I have to because I want it to be a part of my routine. The only time where I do feel some kind of progress, because I talk about my problems. I'd love to have someone guide me to novel things every week, and the willingness reserve to do so. Yeah, it's a nice thought, but I'm unable to continue it right now because I feel a little bit sluggish, maybe it's the food, whenever I have fried and heavy food, I feel this way. May be I should cut down on those, even though it tastes good. There isn't anything that I am obsessive about. It could be Eve online, I played Eve online the entire morning, and the entire afternoon, and maybe after class, I'd play it also. This is a problem, I admit it, but not actually acknowledge it, be me to acknowledge an issue requires some sorts of measure to improve the situation, which I don't have. I still have the yearning to play Eve online now. 

---
Previous day: [[(2023-12-04) ACX Meetup and the concept of Leviathan in political theory]]
