Yesterday, I completed one of the huge house cleaning task , that is going around wall to wall to clean it and then mop the floor. Overall, it took 2 hours to complete and the physical strain was hard on me. I also bought some cover for my document and use the smallest storage box to store them.

The day before, when I had an early class, I took some time to travel to District 9 and went to a bookstore to buy some cover for my documents but it was more expensive than in Mega Market, so I decided not to buy them. But I still browsed around for things to buy and ended up taking these boutique-made envelopes for lucky money. Those prices were atrocious, I mean over 15k VND for a pack of 5 envelops is borderline robbing, but I digress. These envelops that I bought was subtly refined with light scent of aroma. The material is delicate and soft, with fine finishes around the corner, I love it. 

The day before that I went to Mega market, partly to investigate into what kind of pots and pans should I buy to home cook. Since I made the mistake once before, where I ordered online and the size of the pot wasn't fitting enough. Also, I want to check around to see what they're selling, and how's the price, it was surprisingly affordable for a posh neighborhood grocer. There were varieties and there were quantity. I think I'll buy some spices there in the future because there are so many. I bought a huge roasted duck breast for less than 70k VND and not actually able to finish it, so I think it's a good deal. 

It's getting colder today, there is sunlight in the morning but the weather for most of the evening is windy and cold. I guess the weather is alternating between these two pattern of cold and somewhat cloudy to clear sky and warm. 

Today, I went to another ACX meetup to talk about mainly AI and stuff, there has been a lot of development lately, especially when Claude Opus 4.6 and GPT 5.2 and GPT Codec come out at the same time, these two frontier models do well but the different are neglectable, to the likes of me of course, it might be more useful for high-usage people like software developer or researcher. AI agents has, as predicted in AI 2027, become more prevalent and more capable to do all tasks in a computer. Recently an AI agent named clawbot (renamed moltbook, renamed openclaw) has gone viral, because they have a reddit-like social media where they can freely converse with each other - moltbook. It was a fun thing to see, they also founded a church, church of the molt with scripture and all.  