For the last few days, I have an idea for a homepage that lists all of the websites that I usually read in one place for easy tracking as well as a list of RSS feed that lists their writing by chronological order. I vibe coding one that I pretty like: https://cygnus-kn.github.io/Homepage/

During the whole process, one thing I learn is that there are millions of small behavior and interaction that got abstracted away when I first imagine the website. Any hover, and left click any hold and drag has to be manually added, for me at least, by prompt the AI to do so. And behavior for a website on a mouse-click first and a touch-first device are totally different. For example, touch-to-rearrange-icon sounds good on a laptop but every touch to scroll up on a smart phone will mess up the layout. So it has to change to hold, then drag to rearrange. It's the small interaction like that which give me insight into how meticulous web development is. And as far as I am aware, this is just the front end that what user interact with, not the back end where data is stored and structured. And the relationship between them. Luckily, the kind of website I had in mind does not concern with a lot of data.

Another interesting observation is that I kinda addicted to this vibe coding thing. Dopamine releases whenever I push new feature on the live website and it works.

Yesterday, I went to ACX meetup again to have a conversation with my friends. We all showed our little side project, a website to do "x" thing, and I got pretty good advice from how to test out changes to codebases, which essentially creates a separate environment and recreates only that feature in particular then merges them later after you've satisfied with it. Another good advice is to prompt the AI to create multiple implementation of the same feature to check which one stick more. Of course the downside is more token consumed, something I can't afford right now but my developer friend can.

As for my work teaching, I suppose to grade more test but I've only partially completed grading for one class, there is this drag in term of cognition, whenever I want to start grading, to avert myself from doing it. I also find myself avoiding or telling myself not to video clip lesson for students even when opportunities and time presented because I feel dreading it. In the past, a working solution is to change the state of mind when I started grading, it goes "one at a time, one at a time, at this slower and slower rhythm", and "don't think too far into the future, think about the next part student've done".

In the afternoon, I went walking at Thu Thiem 2 park again, my route now got extended. Firstly, I'll do half a lap at that park then move under Thu Thiem 2 bridge to the Thu Duc park that runs along Sai Gon river. Then return again and head through Thu Thiem 2 park to the kite flying group. I always take a few minutes (10 or 20) to sit and take all the air in. Today, the kite flying ground got more crowded than usual, there are more kites but these kites a smaller. The part of the kit flying ground are pretty closed off, I mean there is no official route to arrive here, only short cut and hidden street but many managed to get in anyway. The space is as breath talking as ever, it feels like I could immerse myself to the wide and sun set skying along with the cloud and the kites. It used to be that everything got dark after 6 p.m but it's bright until 6:30 p.m. The sky got more orange the further the sun sets, creating this contrasting and dark orange - dark blue transition, with the cloudless sky, crescent moon and few bright starts observable. 

After that, I went home to take a shower, then decided to join an English Club 20 minutes away downtown. It was already crowded and noisy when I got there, so the conversation few more effortful since I have to speak at the edge of shouting just to get my voice across. I talked with a radiologist at a hospital today, she's interesting, love to sing but otherwise other things are the same as other girly preferences. 

Tomorrow, I think I gonna walk up early to buy some grocery. Then do some grading for S129 and then cook something good.

---
pre: [[(2026-03-19) Cooking again with some success and walked in the evening 3k steps]]