It's 30 mins before market open hours. I have all of my twitter and reddit tabs opened to monitor every movement, every sentiment, every shitty joke, every memes, every breath of the truly adamantium balls folks at r/wsb and the slimy scum at Melvin Capital, Citron Research and CNBC. It's the everyday retail investors vs the big Wall-Street hungry wolves, It is the people against the elite, it is the autists against the boomers. For so long they have been manipulating the market, accumulating billions upon billions to their personal coffer. It has been so long where they rig the game, make the rules and kick everyone in their ball. But today, they get dry-fucked in the ass to their naked short of GME.

GME - Gamestop is, to the sentiments of those scums at CNBC, a dying baby on their doorstep waiting to be shorted to oblivion. They got greedy and magically shorted 140% of the stock, Those autists at r/wsb were hungry for the next meme stock, their next rocket to the moon, and they got one. Every movement has a prophet, a god, namely u/deepfuckingvalue, he has been holding long position in GME since it was 20$ per share. People first dismiss him for the shitty play made by his misguided hand. Maybe he is just an autist who wants to waste his money for the lol, maybe he is a bot trying to manipulate the collective hivemind of r/wsb. Nevertheless, we all agree that if he is really retarded, he is at home.

Then the momentum picked up. Those who first see a silver lighting of a upcoming short squeeze post their DD on the open forum with rocket and diamond emoji, no one give a shit about the content of DD, they only need to see the ticker name and a rocket in the post to pull all of their retirement fund of both themselves and their spouse and maybe their spouse's boyfriend if they are feeling bullish. Every human and apes on that forum have the same goal. Hold! Have you been in an index fund with 8% annual return per year and want to make a more rewarding investment? Good, buy GME and hold. Are you late behind your student's debt and have to work 2 rotating jobs just to afford your accommodation? Good, buy GME and hold. Are you a normal trader who aspires to get rich investing so that you can get that money to open your own business? Good, buy GME and hold. Are you the victim of the 2008's house mortgage crisis who have lost any faith in the government in their ability to help the common people? Good buy GME and hold. Are you a terminally-ill cancer patient who has been fucked by the hedge fund elite and are looking for revenge? Good, buy GME and hold. Are you the common people who have been tired by the elite hedge-fund manager who, at every corner of possibility, is trying to manipulate the stock market consequence-free to take away money from you and your loved one? Good, fucking.buy.GME and hold.

People left and right share [their stories of personal suffer](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/l6omry/an_open_letter_to_melvin_capital_cnbc_boomers_and/) stemming from the actions of the indifferent people at Wall Street. Those who make money on their suffering, their financial hardship, their hard-earned money then blame those same people for "irresponsibly managing their financial situation" , that they are reckless, that they are their own detriment.

u/Gnarly_Dan: "I feel this, I was a sophomore in high school when the 07-08’ crash. My mom lost her job and I watched her go through her life savings to support our house. I was always wondering when our family was going to get help and the help never came. To add insult to injury I saw ws get billion dollar bail outs and spin the story on poor people. This is the first time in my 30years of life I’ve ever seen ws feel the same pain and worry my mother felt. IM ALL IN TOMORROW. This is personal. The same children they robbed 13 years ago grew up and we have money now ourselves"

So he is not fucking selling.

u/Dodeejero: "My dad was a concrete contractor, our livelihood was based on people doing well, buying houses, and having money to put into those houses. The crash fucked him, as an adult now I have no idea how he managed to hold onto his house. I know he said he was bidding jobs so low he could barely make anything just to keep his crew working. He passed on January 3rd (fuck it hurts to type that).

You’re all gonna meet him when I spread his gray ashes on that red fucking Mars dust 🚀🚀🚀"

So he is not fucking selling.

u/fungi-seeking-fungis: : "I’m a silent browser on reddit but the news turned me to this sub. The ‘08 recession collapsed my family (6 boys, parents with no college and new credit) so far into poverty that my parents will never climb out. Banks don’t touch them with a ten foot pole, they hit rock bottom and that’s how I grew up. I’m doing great after climbing out of the lower class but my younger brothers still have a mountain climb to get out of that dark shadow. YOU PEOPLE ARE BEAUTIFUL; FUCK THESE BASTARDS.

Edit: for anyone who cares; I grew up sleeping on the floor of my grandmother's house in a bedroom with all my brothers. Fucking poor."

So he is not fucking selling.

u/Rionuala: "I am right there with you. 12 people in a three bedroom house with children sleeping on the floor because there is no room in the beds. Growing and jarring our food for the year and eating what we grow or not eating at all. That shit was rough. There were times we were so hungry that you just didn't feel hungry anymore. These big wig fucks ruined so many people and a lot of them weren't even invested. If I can do my part to give it right back to them then I will hold till my grave. I don't care what the value is set at, of it comes close to my sell amount I'll raise it another 50k. This is too personal for a large amount of people, I'll be fine financially even if I lose everything in gme and I'm happy with that. I'm not selling, ever."

So he is not fucking selling.

u/aiden_33: "Back in those days I was so desperate for a job and I ended up working a home retention contract for BOA in the aftermath of the '08 crash. I was getting paid just above minimum wage in a call center to basically shake people down for mortgage payments, or inform them of foreclosure if they fell behind. It was and still is the worst job I ever had. I'll never forget the pure unadulterated hate that was directed at me every day. To the people on the other end of the line, I was the personification of Bank of America, and they let me have it all - their rage, their frustration, their pain. I never blamed them, and I hated myself for being stuck in such a situation that I had to be paid to be a scapegoat for billionaires. I'll never forget those who broke down and literally sobbed uncontrollably while they told me their stories - a war veteran with terminal cancer losing his home, a single mother starving herself so her children could eat, etc. There were so many of them, every day. Sometimes I put myself on mute and cried with them. I became depressed and suicidal. I had to quit as a matter of principle and self-preservation. My experience there changed me, scarred me, but it also gave me a valuable perspective. What these Wall Street assholes did was unforgivable. It was inhumane. It was criminal. They didn't just ruin families or kill the market. They murdered the American spirit, and it has yet to recover. And they're trying to do it all over again.

Fuck them. Fuck them for eternity."

So he is not selling.

u/jytusky: "OP Please Read And Know We Are With You
Well said my man or woman.
No regaling with tales of poor childhood or struggles. I think at this point this is a common denominator for the majority in on the movement. The 1% truly do not understand the movement. They are using the same old tactics and are convinced we will be scared. The more they say I am stupid, and the more they say I will not win, only gives me more resolve. I have been told that I will fail more times than I can count. Alot of us have watched for decades and felt cheated, deceived, or outright manipulated. Whether that is via stocks, pay structure in jobs, exclusivity, does not matter. There is and has been a ruling class whose sole purpose is to retain power. They gaslight us into thinking they know what is best for us. 1% knows better than 99%. This is not stocks, this is a financial revolution never seen before. And let's be honest, the outcome will be a governing revolution. I yolo'd $54k yesterday, and set a buy order for another $12k (Look at my history). I am not a money man, I lost my job in February last year and used my severance and took a risk. Thanks to my military service and entering the market in the middle of the COVID shit I am fortunate enough to be in my last semester for a Chemistry degree. I don't want to live the life of Wallstreet. I just want to live my life. My kids will learn the value of hard work and honesty; hopefully, with less pitfalls than I have experienced. Prior to this I invested for personal gain. This YOLO money I am truly willing to lose in pursuit of changing the system. I will hold beyond the peak, not because I am stupid, but because I know we have a better chance of breaking the system if we force the shorts to cover everything. Every last fucking cent.

I fucking mean it. I LOVE THIS STONK. $PEOPLE all in."

So he.is.not.fucking.selling.

Every person on that post share their stories, everyone on that post share a common experience that for such a long time these people in high position has been fucking over them, making financially reckless decision, using the media for their devious manipulation and when things fall down, they are the one who get bailed out. They are the one who we, the people, have to use our tax money to pay for their mistakes leaving ourselves in a crumbling state. Well today, today was not that kind of day. It is the day where they make the mistake, and we caused them with their pants down and ass deep into the GME short. This is the day when our actions have consequences, this is the day where their We'll buy all the stocks we can, and hold, hold till they bleed. This is the hill where they die.

At this point, you were properly wondering "Yeah, this is great and all, but what is a stock? What is GME? Something about short squeeze? Who is this guy u/deepfuckingvalue? Why do people you referred in this post engage in homosexually polyamorous relationship? Are you sure you are not out of your damn mind?

I am assured that I am fully one.hundred.percent autistic when I was writing this, if someone wants to buy 1 or 2 chromosomes, hook me up buddy! But first, let's get the finance technical and fundamental out of the way. I am pulling the definition of the below out of my ass right now so if you have some problems with it, please get off mine.

- Stock: ownership of a company in the form of paper or whatever. When a company goes public, they will issue a number of stocks for trading within the stock market.

- GME: the stock of the company named Game stop - a brick-and-mortar shop selling video games as well as other gaming-related players and accessories. This company has been under the water for so long and has been closing a lot of their stores due to competition from online places (i.e: Steam, app stores, amazon, etc.) The stock has been under high interest of being shorted.

- Short position: I will give a more concrete example here.Let's say that GME is at 20$ per share today, people buy and sell them at that price today. You predict that the share will plummet to $5 per share tomorrow. So you sell an I-owe-you-1-GME-share today for $20 and you promise that tomorrow you will deliver those shares in person. The buyer agrees and gives you the money first (you get $20), and in turn you promise to give them a share (worth $20 today). Tomorrow, when you buy the share, it drops to $5 as expected, and you buy the share on the market for $5 to give back to the buyer yesterday and you pocket $15 in difference. It is called a short because you only hold a short position on GME. Now if the volume of trade is 10 share -> their short position profit them $15x10 = $150, 10.000 share -->$15x10.000 = $150.000 The total amount of GME shares on the market is 10 millions so you can get why those hedge-funds want to short it. In reality, this is not an I-owe-you due in 1 day but rather 7 days to 30 days to deliver. So people at hedge funds expect huge returns, using those expected returns to essentially bad-mouth the company so that their share's value drops.

- Short squeeze: After promising the I-owe-you, hedge fund have to actually deliver the share they promised, so upon seeing that the share is at $5, they have to buy it to cover their position, if you buy something, its availability decrease and its price increase, or rather, you-the short trader-squeeze the price up by buying the share to cover your own short. So the price of this share will go up.

- u/deepfuckingvalue: Keith Gill - the second coming of r/wsb god, spirit leader of autists and retards, holder of diamond hand and adamantium balls. He is taking a long position on GME with, at the peak of GME price, 14 millions U.S dollar worth of it. 

- Long position: Long positions are simple enough, you buy the share and wait for them to increase in their value. It usually takes a long time for them to increase so it is called a long position.  

- Wife's boyfriend: properly also Keith Gill but it is usually your neighbor you pathetic fuck.
    
- FDs: if your parents tell you not to do drugs, do not do this either. Don't bother googling it, no one really knows.

So how would people at r/wallstreetbets fight against Hedge-fund and their short position by buying GME share and hold?

Well, it is simple so let us get back to the previous example. If instead of decreasing to $5 per share, the price gone up to $400 per share? Buying the share will decrease its availability and increase its price, so many people buying as much as they can will inevitably move the price higher. In the real world, the hedge-fund properly sets their short position at $20, if the price increases to $400 (like at the peak of it), they lose $380 per share, multiply that by 10 million shares and you get the number. So the more people buy and hold, the high the price goes and the more the hedge fund lose, short position has one risky thing is that its gain is limited (stock price can only go to $0) but its loss is unlimited (stonks can go to the moon!). But wait, there's more. If there are not enough stock to cover their short position in the market (I have to remind you that the short interest in GME is over 100%, which means that the short-seller have to buy 100% of the stock to cover their position), well, the price will approach infinity, and if they are not able to cover their contract (I-owe-you), they have to pay for the penalty for not delivering. So by holding the stock, you essentially deny their ability to complete their contract leading to them paying the penalty continuously, or in the financial term, they bleed. If they bleed to the point of insolvency, they will have no option but to file for bankruptcy. And they deserve so, they engage in a financially fraudulent short position (of 140% of the stock, wtf?) It is like promising to give you $10 while you only have $4, and somehow the institution that issue the I-owe-you allow this anyway. In the process, these hedge funds also engage in media manipulation to push a company, already on the edge of bankruptcy, to spiral downward faster, leaving hundred of employees unemployed.

This short threatens the very existence of this hedge-fund company so naturally, they will apply retaliatory measures, how would they do it?

- Media smearing campaign: they hired their friends in CNBC, Bloomberg to report this event as "retail investors" stirring up and manipulating the stock causing its price to rocketed. They hired "specialists" who went on to rant about how uneducated, savage, dangerous those people are. They call their finance friends to block trading of that particular stock so that people couldn't buy more. They hire people to buy and trade stock at a lower price to cause people to panic and sell. They say that it is unfair for them to lose money, because they have a family at home, and if their company goes bankrupt, they only have the severance package of seven figures to support their family and they might have to sell one of their vacation homes in Bahamas and limit their international vacation to 1 instead of 2 per year. Please think of the children!

- Short ladder attack: alright, please listen carefully because I will only explain this once. Short ladder attack can only be achieved if the trading volume of shares is low like in the case of GME. Everyone is buying up shares and there are only so many left. So the hedge fund will trade that particular stock with each other at low volume in a decreasing price to lower the actual average price. Let say there are 100 shares, 90 are traded freely, and 10 are in the hedge-fund. Now people have already bought all the 90 shares and the price is at $400 per share (keep in mind that the price is an average of 100 shares or the total share available, since 10 shares are locked in an institution, the market can only account for the average price of 90 shares). 90 shares have been purchased by our diamond hand at last!. But the institution can take their 10 share and trade with each other at lower price like $350, so now the market has 90 shares at $400 and 10 shares at $350 the average price of that share is now [(90x$400)+(10x$350)]/100 share = $395, it is decreasing, and they will trade back and forth to lower the price gradually, shorta like a short ladder. 90 shares are being held but the price fluctuates by the trading of 10 shares. It makes those who hold the other 90 feel nervous, they buy at $400 and their share's value is decreasing to $395 then $390 and so on.

- Outright market manipulation but SEC won't care: the Robinhood app where the majority of r/wallstreetbets do their gambling on the most important day of the battle against hedge-fund disable the buy button. That, on its own, isn't something to worry about. Sure, there are many reasons to halt the trading of a stock because of its volatility in the name of protecting everyday traders from potentially fraudulent behavior. But here is the catch, they do not disable the trading of GME, they only disable the purchasing option and leave the sell option untouched. Imagine someone telling you that you that they disable trading of a stock because they were protecting you, but they only disable buying and leaving the selling option available and did not in no way justifiably explain their action in a congressional hearing. What would you have thought of that action? Is it really a move to protect retail investors or such reasons is just a scapegoat for the actual motive - that they are pivoting to their, and I will quote Elon Musk, "puppet master".

Seeing the event unfold, one must not surprise at the realization that their assumption of the market model is cracking, something that once thought as decentralized with its players competing for the information on which they could strike it rich. The media or especially the media whose head has stake in the financial world has been embedding and maintaining that assumption in each and every participant. Once in a century, a financial phenomenon such as GME emerges, which risks the bankruptcy of one of their institutions, and suddenly, you see how they mobilize resources, deploy tactics to suppress, alter and manipulate sentiments as well as the numbers itself in the market. And for one the everyday people has the high ground, they caught the cheater in their own game and are able to see them whine about how the market is rigged by the very rules that they created. The people are tired, they are tired of hearing the "experts" blasting on the TV, and for once they stand their ground and say "This is the hill where we die". The landscape of investing has been changing, and GME is a specific point in history where you really see how that change of power from institution investment to retail investment plays out, where the former is struggling to suppress the latter. This is where a movement ceases to be silent and move to the spotlight, making people know that there is hope, that the institution are scared, and that everyone now know that they can take the matter of investing into their own hand. And bizzardly enough, the movement is led by the most degenerate people on the planet, austist and retards at r/wallstreetbets. Since the GME anomaly, this subreddit has gone from underground to mainstream and continues to be a force that balances the market that has been, for such a long time, dominated by those who don't have the best interest of the company as well as the people investing in them. I have nothing but respect for the apes that are hanging around r/wsb and may their tendies fuels the rocket to the moon and beyond.

---
Previous day: [[(2021-01-24) To my beloved, Tina]]

