I have fallen ill with dengue fever for the last week, since Saturday last week to be exact, it was an experience really. Three days of high fever and another few days of rashes that signaled a critical period, then recovery. During the whole thing, lot of people recommend that I got tested and admit myself to the hospital but I just stayed at home monitoring the whole situation. One of the thing that I utilized well during this time is chatgpt, mainly to describe my symptoms for more information on what they meant and asking for recommendation on what medication to use, which food and drink to consume, what routine to adhere to. It comes out really ok actually, I didn't get into any serious complication that come with dengue fever, I was able to take care of myself, buying medicine and food despite having muscle weakness and high fever. Overall, this experience update me to be less reliance on medical system and more on myself. This could be a wrong update as I get older, my condition could become more serious because of my old age but for now, it is helpful in that I don't have to spend too much money on diagnose and hospital. diagnosis alone would cost 500k, which is silly because it can be reasonably detected by inputing the symptoms into chatgpt. And since I've dealt with this type of fever already, there is no specific medication that requires prescription or potential condition so serious that I need to stay at the hospital. It would cost an estimated 1 to 2 mil additionally if I were to "stay safe" and go through the official route of getting my condition checked by professional.

Now that my illness has gone, although my coughing is still persistence (nothing is working so might need to find a good coughing solution), I can focus more on my teaching, preparing for new lessons and reviewing homework. I am considering quitting my current IELTS center today because my teaching wasn't effective, it feels really terrible when you've got students who don't improve after a long period of time studying under you. I may have to get back at the drawing board and look at what when wrong, what am I insufficient in, what is needed for me to effectively deliver the lesson. Building a sounding and concrete teaching philosophy that has its based in real effectiveness. 

During the week that I recovered, there is some unusual weather, raining and dark cloud in the middle of February, when it supposed to be sunny, dry and windy. There is an imminent outbreak of season flu coming alone and already some hospitals were at the capacity. I initally thought that what I had was the flu but restro-actively, I think not. 

---
[[(2025-02-13) Historic off-season rainfall & visited recently opened park & trying out a board game coffee]]