Year of Effort was set out to be grand, but also narrow, it only concerns one dimension within my own set of ability - that is endurance (how long, or how far can I go until I am unable to). It is to be a year of [Moloch](https://slatestarcodex.com/2014/07/30/meditations-on-moloch/), but not in a competitive way, albeit maybe competition with my previous self. Ironically, it is met with a one-in a century pandemic that takes the world by storm. It confines people within their physical home, bound them to nothingness but the daily quests from Animal Crossing. Time seems to pass arbitrarily in these "trying time". The only distinction between day and night which is that of the above-mentioned game. I was, too, staying at home during the first wave of the pandemic when it hit my country.

I. It finally happens, the pandemic hit

I remember reluctantly and regrettably came home early for Tet holiday then came back to the city in February only to abruptly come back when COVID-19 cases within the city increased from 3,4 individuals to around 20 individuals. I still remember the morning that the news broke. We in the academic department have been working for almost a month expecting that at the end of the day, our company would announce their notice to send employees back to their own home. I do not have the luxury of staying in the city when it happened as I was forced to pack up and hastily moved back to my hometown in anticipation of a city-wide lock-down where no one is able to travel to or from other provinces. I stayed home for the month of March when there was nothing to do. It was the opposite of what I would want for a year that was supposed to mean maximum effort. It was a super low-energy, low-stimulus, low-moving day. I, like millions of people who were met with sudden boredom, turned to video games as a gate to escape the uninterested reality of home-bound. (others choose investing and I guess it was a productive gambling hobby but I am a follower of [r/wallstreetbets](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/) so who am I to judge?).

The world now only matters in semi-3D animal islands where you do quests in exchange of experience and "bells". I, as a low-life scum in a third world country, I do not have the privilege of getting a $1,200 stimulus check to afford a Nintendo Switch so I turn to Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp, the mobile game that exists simultaneously with the newly released New Horizon's counterpart. There is no exaggeration when I say that this game is the only thing that prevents me from going insane during March. It was disorienting physically, mentally and temporally, but Animal Crossing held my two remaining neurons together for the sole purpose of hitting that "bells" target for a new furniture (My favorite island animal is [Raymond](https://animalcrossing.fandom.com/wiki/Raymond), anyone else's' choices is inferior, this is an objective opinion, change my mind fight me period) . During such time I did think of the recently established theme that was sitting in my note condescendingly staring at my decision to give it all up to become a vanilla island owner who couldn't even amass enough "leaves" for that sick island background despite being on the game essentially all day. If you do not want to put effort into real-life personal-growth positive behavior and choose to become the worst kind of gamer - mobile one, at least do it autistically enough to get to the top 10% or at least top 30% of the players - It whispers. Alas, I gave in to becoming the most prominent island owner within the miniscule circle of "online friends" and started to work on my IELTS.

My attempt then, to revise my IELTS, can be characterized by this sentence, short, non-consequential and ends abru.

II. Year of effort - an attempt to ... quit due to excessive burn-out.

After the year March 2020, I was ready to get back to the rat-race. It is worth mentioning that I do have a prediction of how the pandemic would go based on my intuition and previously similar disease which is [SARS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Severe_acute_respiratory_syndrome) in February 2020. I predict that after the international-lockdown in multiple countries as well as the nature of the virus to weaken gradually til summer comes. All of this would be over after June and boy was I fundamentally wrong. I overestimate or rather put too much faith in the crowd's rationality "If you see that there is a pandemic going, that people were dying left and right ([look at Italy](https://covid19.who.int/region/euro/country/it)), you would be scared enough to take measure protecting yourself and stay at home until it all over" but the reality is far from the perfect world I imagined in my mind. People are stupid enough to keep doing the thing that would spread virus, going to parties, protesting against masks (wtf). So my prediction is off by ... um 9 months and counting...

Nevertheless I went back to work in April to continue working on half-finished tasks although students have yet to return. During which I was focusing on materials building and miscellaneous boring paperwork in preparation to resume classes. It was an easy time to work less for the fact that management wants to make it as complicated as possible for all of us. Nonetheless, back-to-school time came in early June and we were running classes again at the beginning of that month. One apparent problem emerged is the understaffed situation and the fact that there were too many novel issues caused by this pandemic that has to be dealt with within a limited time frame. Typical problems ranging from which classrooms for what kinds of class to initiating newer classes to conducting examinations. Harder problems such as integrating online classes to consolidate students databases to hiring foreign teachers. To impossible issues of infrastructural to organizational to interpersonal matters that are too convoluted to discuss. I was staying from 8am to 9pm everyday to just "be there" when the issue happened to communicate it to the relevant department or preferably resolve it myself. Day-offs are of far-away dreams with the constant problems even in my absence that require my personal present at the place. The first two week after reopening was intense but it was ok compared to the following frustrated weeks. I won't delve into finer details than to only generally state that despite the best effort of every department, it was not worth it, so I quit. I fought a good fight and in retrospect, I learnt a lot after all of it. It draws my attention more to the previously read sequences from [Zvi's Immoral Maze](https://www.lesswrong.com/s/kNANcHLNtJt5qeuSS) as I have my own experience to back it up. I came out of it not necessarily a more matured person, but a better informed one.

I felt free, I felt empowered, I felt humbled. I felt burnt-out.

I felt free because I was able to make the choices that I did, that despite being against the current, I get to choose my own path, I get to reap the reward for making such decisions and I can't be happier with what came. I felt like I have gained my own agency back from a more toxic version of myself.

I felt empowered because this is the first time I did something risky, I saw its impact on the people around me, namely my colleagues, see how my action empowers them, and that in turns, empowers me to continue what I did. I felt for the first time, why people like to lead, what it takes to lead, and how it felt to be in a team where everyone is on the same page, aim for the same goals, and the best of all, you are their leader. Not a leader in terms of title, but leader in the implicit sense. In that they believe what I believe and are willing to follow me to the end. And we came out of it better people.

I felt humbled, humbled by everyone's effort, humbled to realize that I alone could not have achieved anything near what we did, humbled by their enthusiasm. I was humbled by the fact that one of my colleagues stayed up with me to share my load of work when it is not necessarily her responsibility. I am humbled by the support that my immediate superior helps me with communicating our problems. I am humbled by the support of other departments to set aside our conflicting interest to work together. I am humbled by the support from other branches and they sharing their resources with us even though we are in a better situation than them. I was humbled by the guidance of one of the previous employees, without which I would be lost trying to navigate the working-landscape. I was humbled by one of my friends who is willing to listen to me complaining about my situation late at night. I was humbled by the drink that our janitor bought for us upon realizing that we were going to depart. I was humbled by the text one of our teachers sent after the day we leave to wish us a good career ahead. I am humbled to be able to listen to everyone's story, to have the privilege to support them, and in turns, receive their support.

At last, I felt burnt-out. I felt burnt-out due to prolonged periods working long hours everyday from 8am to 9pm. I felt burnt-out by the long commute from and to work everyday. I felt burnt-out from all the excessive problems that I endured during that period. I felt burnt-out because I can't not focus enough to navigate what to do next. It was a tough period, I was not able to initiate any project professional nor personal. I felt like falling but I have yet to reach the bottom.

II.a The lost month of 2020

I am referring to a temporary time I was working at a place that teaches online. It was, to the best of my recollection, unremarkable and soul-crushing. I guess I made misguided decision but I promptly switched. The day shift is full of distraction (I mean people) but the night shift is nice since there is no one who would bother me. Oh, and I like to put spaghetti one one side and tomato beef sauce on the other side then proceed to dip the spaghetti into the beef sauce and eat it. To whoever concerns (you know who you are), it's not weird so deal with it.

III. Taking a break

I always have a vision of who I will be, or what I will be doing. It guides my actions and decisions but at this stage, I was discouraged by the previous immediate choice that I have made. Thus, rendering my vision blurry, I was not able to see what I could become.

It is usually that my thoughts are always temporally ahead of my physical experiences. An easy example is this, when I prepare to go outside, I mentally construct the destination (i.e: the place, the people, the conversation, the events that flow chronologically). While doing that, my physical experiences are preparing for the trip (i.e: taking a shower, changing clothes, etc). At some point when I was running this constructed destination, the conversation goes to a point where I need an object (maybe I was thinking that I would talk about how good Uno is as a table game, and I have to have an Uno deck with me then to demonstrate), I was physically being at my home so I am able to bring my deck of Uno. If I had not run this thought experiment, I wouldn't have brought the Uno deck but now I do. Then when I arrived there, I would run the conversation as I thought. Sometimes it goes as planned, but most of the time it didn't, but I was still expecting it.

Let's get back to the problem at hand, when I say my vision is blurry, it is not that I mentally go to the future and I cannot see anything, it is that I am unable to mentally be in the future at all. My thoughts are exactly at the present, at the same speed with my physical experience and sometimes lagging behind. I am unable to decide, or choose anything because simply I don't know what is going to happen if I do. It is like if you choose to dip your phone in water, it will get wet and be broken. Whereas I could think like that before, I am now unable to, I would likely dip the phone into the water anyway because I cannot connect that if I dip my phone in water, the direct consequence is that it will get wet. This is just a hypothetical example of what I feel like then. I get frustrated, I tried to suppress it by doing a lot of gaming but the irritating feeling won't go away.

Finally, I decided that I have to do something entirely different, this has been the way that I was dealing with stress for all the time. I tried to socialize. As an introvert, I loathe the thought of putting myself out there to talk with other people. But one of the decisive factors that led me to go with it anyway - Year of Effort. It felt like I was not making any kind of effort the entire year with the Covid-19 situation and so I peer-pressured myself to do something different, I went to some English clubs and actively sought people to talk - something that I would never do before. And it is surprisingly refreshing! I was living in my own world for so long that talking to other people about their worlds is fascinating, I loathe the repetitive introduction and understand that the chance of having any kind of meaningful conversation is few and far in between. But it helps me to maintain a moderate level of English speaking and I get to know the stories and opinions of many people, which feels good. While doing that, I was also looking for a new position, there was no rush to get into any particular position because of the previous employment, I internalized the saying "It is better to be unemployed than to work at a bad place". I gradually get better at communication ideas and gain some tacts in approaching people, which is a boost to confidence while doing interviews. When I was at that moment between jobs, I felt disoriented, but now in hindsight, it was beneficial that I have decided to do what I did.

After a while I landed my current job. I think I would approach this one differently than all of my previous jobs since I would put too much effort into them. I took the job slowly and easily. However, I still go to the clubs after work because I was testing out how long I could endure social interaction. After all, it was still the Year of Effort, and in part, this is the prelude to the next year, the theme of which I will reveal in my next writing in the near future (about one week but don't quote me on this). I could not endure too many people but in a small group under 10, I could do well in managing myself and the conversation.

It seems like everything is getting less worse, the pandemic has subsided, I got a job to do. I have a roommate so I am in an "ok-ish" financial situation, I was doing some personal projects of translating stories on the side too.
related: [[Review꞉ Year of Effort - Wait ... Is that a pandemic?]]

---
Previous day: [[(2021-01-27) GME - The Hill Where We Die]]
