
I believe the diminishing in frequency and length of my writing is due to the tangled strings of thought lies within my mental space, it inhibits the construction any two consecutive coherent sentences, I can only think in a sentence and sometimes only half a phrase or confined only to a adjective. 

The subconscious mind leads myself on the path of least mental resistance, I begin to notice that I repeat phrases a lot. Just look at my previous sentence, I write "mental" twice, "sentence" thrice, and "I" countless times .This is unacceptable repetition. I gradually notice such pattern while practicing IELTS writing. The length of effort I went to for a legible piece is diminishing both in terms of form and meaning, I no longer value insights imprinted on topic I wrote, nor do I satisfy with the manner and phrasing structure in which I wrote them. They imply mediocracy, the notion of which sends distaste down my tongue, I am all about nothing less than excellency in any creative project. In addition to quality and quantity issue, I also seem to exhibit mild case of short-term memory loss(1) and tendency to over-explaining(2) due to (1) (1 minutes or 2 minute short-term loss). Subsequently, I must perform proof-reading check after one sentence or two to eliminate excessive information. This is time-consuming and narrative-disruptive, which further decreases the quality of my piece. As for the content of the writing, this is of most disatisfactory nature. The writing sounds like that of pseudo-science wannabe whose line of reasons, when explored further, holds no substances. After any re-read of my IELTS writing, I feel as if it was written by a trendy business-marketing person who possesses no real experience of written subject or only care about how eloquently their opinion presented. Or a generic arguement about a common topic that was covered to its teeth and any opinions or solutions provided is just a rehash of the top 3 most popular sentiments that largely agreed by the public. I put much effort to avoid digesting such opinions but somehow it was circulating in my intellectual system and manifested itself onto pages of writing.

Another problematic observation is that my approach to writing is perceived to be less systematic and deliberate. It is used to be that the main idea is to be constructed first, then the relationship between ideas is drawn and finally the writing process is applied, lexical resource and sentence configuring is added as the final touch. The idea has to be first insightful yet obvious (see: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SumDHcnCRuU), the deployment of supporting statements is tactful and personal conclusion concrete. Time constrain may affect this entire process but with realistic expectation of the length, it should be manageable. Overall tone of the writing must emit genuine intend first and foremost and firm conviction in its statement.

I believe those are reasonable requirements for a decent opinion piece, the scope of which could be limited and the priority of said subject might be insignificant, but its articulation must be logical and its conclusion should not give impression of neutral standing or vaguely enough for multiple interpretation. 

But often, the discrepancy between ideal and reality is large due to real-world dynamics at play. In my case, I can raise few external causes that lead to failure in my writing:
- Time constrain in a test
- Difficulty in physical writing with pen or pencil
- Limited access to information sources
- Potential in limited style of writing prefered in IELTS. 

---
pre: [[(2020-06-08) Crisis stage 3rd?]]
