I arrived early to the center today. It was a hot afternoon but I get some time to travel around on my bike, and the scenery is spectacular. For context, this is in Dist. 9 where there aren't a lot of building and there are many vacated and spacious area, which gives way to the sunset and the redish, blue sky nearing the end of the day. I went around and just enjoyed the atmosphere. Also, being on the bike is when I come up with a lot of thought, but the problem is that I can't record it because I am driving. One of the thought that I have today, which I do ponder for a long time was the receding of public spaces, and I almost convinced that public roads are the only non-monetized public place left. 

Once upon a time when people didn't care about real-estate and location of where you live, public places, such as beaches, the sidewalk, the parks and other place where you can have a great view were available to everyone. Anyone can just walk to it and enjoy the view, maybe put on some picnic or just simply stand there. But now, location with great view was fenced up and from which, a coffee shop, or a hotel was built. And there goes a limited thing that could be enjoyed by all, now you have to pay to have the privilege to enter. How about the rest of the public spaces, well, it got invaded by the street vendor, who set up chairs and table to take up all the spaces available leaving only small island of real public space left, where people just dump their trash onto because noone is monitoring it. Admist all the enshitification of public space, there is one that was not touched, that is the public road. Well, the road is monetized, but by the traffic police, and they do not usually appear everywhere. And so I am able to just cruise through different places and see different scenery, but never be able to stop by, because and sidewalk which have scenic value, will be occupied by the street vendor, will be fenced up and be built a coffee shop. Until there is no water left in the pond, and we all drown in the sea of monetization, of public place. 

---
Previous day: [[(2024-03-21) Obsidian working fine, new classes at IELTS center]]