The weather turn rainy this afternoon with some light scattering shower and overcast sky since late afternoon. it's astonishing how fast the weather turns from sunny and warm to cloudy and forecasted rain in the next few days. I guess the elevated level of traffic causes particle to scatter around the air which water droplet coalesces around to form cloudy sky and rain, but that's just a theory.

I've placed the order for the fridge and some cookwares when they went on discount and is waiting to set them up in my apartment, I hope to start home cooking soon since having been buying food lately, it's getting really expensive for a basic meal.

I went for a walk today, parking my scooter at Thu Thiem 2 part and went through the kite-flying ground onto Thu Thiem 01 bridge and back. When I arrive back at the park, it started raining so I had a haste dinner there with Japanese-style curry with tempera shrimp. I have a goal of getting some weight lost and one of the helpful advice is not eating late, which I've done for a couple of days here but let's see if it sticks because I sometimes feel hungry at night.

I have bought more stocks yesterday and today also, 100 POW at 14.3K VND and 10 VHM at 109K VND but it's dropped to 107 at the end of the day. but my POW actually rose to 14.3, which is 3.25% increase so it somewhat cancels VHM loss. My order to buy ETF fund, both of them, has been confirm and they are at +0.8%. Also the ounces of gold I bought before Tet holiday also increase in value, bought 1 ounce at 17.120K VND and it's 17.300K VND, but can't sell it because the selling price is also 10% lower the buying price (from perspective of buyers). I still have 11 mil VND to gambl... ahem invest into the market so I'll check the market sometime to see when I'll crash so I can buy discounted stock. 

I've read a world-view defining piece of writing on how to look at war, insurgency and protest lately [[Collections꞉ Against the State – A Primer on Terrorism, Insurgency and Protest]] . It puts forth a framework of looking at how individual or collective can pursuit a social or political gold and the framework is really a useful lens for me to see the work, what is insurgency and protest want to actually accomplish and the mechanism through which it can achieve its goal. Will write a summary soon because this is on par with [[Meditations On Moloch]] or [[Common Knowledge and Aumann’s Agreement Theorem]] in its foundational importance in how to see the world. 