I've gone with having a theme because it sounds more F U N and W H I M S I C A L. It sounds like something I would do as a joke, but would actually do it anyway just for the sake of doing. I have been sleeping on a theme for 2020 since the end of last November when I was contemplating leaving the new company. During this time, I was reminded heavily of the rule to rather be unemployed than to be employed by bad a company. I retroactively think the decision to depart from that place is correct. While I was working there, I felt like I was becoming one of them, becoming a fault-blaming piece of human garbage with the first priority being self-interest. No one ever came up and took accountability and when they did, they also fabricate others' mistakes made which did not serve any purpose except to throw them under the bus. It was a toxic environment with bad management. The truly redeeming quality is the novelty of the position itself and the ability to work with a diverse set of students. I hope to find better environment to work and put effort in thing that deserves effort. That's the theme of this year - Year of Effort. My definition of effort deviates from its usual meaning, which is simply putting time, mental and physical energy to work. My definition of work alone has already included such terms. Putting effort for me is doing something to the point of struggling. (1) A simple example is housework. Typically, the act of housework includes sweep the house, clean the toilet, clean the floor, take out the trash, etc. Sweep the ceiling, clean any stains on the wall, re-paint the doors/windows if you have free time. To put it simply, if you see something dirty, you do something about it. Putting time and energy is enough for such tasks. (2) Cleaning the house personally means starting with the very purpose of objects which I use. Each object should have at least marginal utility to stay in the house. Own little but take care a lot is the go-to motto. As for up-keeping activities, it starts with "using", then "maintaining" and finally "cleaning/repairing". The cleaning do not start some time after using the object but rather, at the time of intention to buy/rent it. A particulate object such as a stand-up fan, I prefer to buy the durable one with short stand because I often use it when sleeping on mattress on the floor. After buying one, I look for any removable parts and maintenance issues. The fan only need two types of maintenance which are cleaning dust from the guard/fan blades and oil change for the motor. Then I set aside date and time to perform such tasks. Likewise, I start cleaning the house by deciding which part need to be cleaned and to which degree/frequent it needs to be cleaned. Note: After writing all of that, I realized this example did not accurately represent the type of effort that I am implying. But it also fairly represents how I would conduct work. Another example is from the way I work at one of my former workplace. The job is mainly/primarily/roughly just translating documents, at least this activities account for the most amount of time that I sit there. (1) The simple way to do it was just take the documents and starting typing translation on the computer. (2) I would go far and beyond to translate a documents because every time I translate something, it could be used for other similar translations. The first thing to do was properly format to the pt. of each lines so that this document could be then re-use as a template, I would also insert replaceable parts (i.e: names, birthdays, tels, etc.) with a fill-in format. I will go so far as to link an front-end U.I (with Microsoft access) with only the names, birthdays, tels input and the output would be a full document with only said elements changed. For standardized documents, that was the way. But for semi-standardized documents such as commercial contracts, land deeds. Some clauses are identical while other are unique to the business. I must find a way to insert identical clauses with less effort so I turn to a text-expander app that allow abbreviation of complicate sentence with a syntax. After sometimes translating, I started to notice that everything I translate now has been partly translated before. Therefore, it would be more efficient to have a database of all the words/phrases/clauses that I have ever translated to be assigned in a pair of Vietnamese word/phrase = English word/phrase. That's when I started to seek for a more powerful translating tool such as TRADOS. The idea of having a personalized database of translated words and the convenience of only needing to put in the Vietnamese documents and out come the English documents retaining the same format excites me. But the majority of my documents is in paper form and TRADOS only accepts digital .docx input, which means I have to find a way to convert picture/.pdf files to word files. This is where I came across OCR (Optical Character Recognition) software. Which is extremely rare especially that which recognize Vietnamese. If done right, when receiving a document, I only need to take a picture and run it through OCR, then feed it to TRADOS for proof-read, finally out comes a perfect document. The most time-consuming task is just proof-reading and it would consume less mental energy than active translating. This is the appropriate length of effort that I am referring to for any work that I'd do. I do know how to translate stuffs, but to put effort is go to the point of struggling how to consistently translate documents from varied sources (.pdf, picture, handwriting, etc.) to a unified legible format. Which is harder than the phrase itself. This method does see some success for some documents format but the rate of hit-and-miss do not justify full-scale implementation. Year of effort is to go far and beyond in terms of investment to anything. It is an attempt to be great in the present of volatility.

related: [[Year of Effort꞉ An Attempt to be Great]]

---
pre: [[(2020-02-04) Case study꞉ an autistics market hypothesis ft. wsb]]

