2019 was the Year of Extension and also Year of Sustainability. The former was the main theme where primary goals were to extend socially, professionally and personally. It was to gain allies and find alliances to accomplish what was set out to be done. It was to seek a preferable position to search for the ideal opportunity. What is all of this nonsense you might ask? it is just a direction, on which I did not have all the hindsight. The analogy would be going down a dark alley that you vaguely heard of from weird people in the cloud and the main road where everybody goes is b.o.r.i.n.g. You've seen people taking the main road, you know what they will be going through, how would they end up. Sure, there are anomalies in every areas but they are outliners - an exception to the rules which only serves as a reminder that the majority won't be like them. (Rules of thumb: anything on the news but the weather is outliner, no one will report how average things are). You are assured that you will end up like that, you are not going to "revolutionize" the main road because it is an efficient market that has reach its peaked equilibrium, any volatility is just like swinging a pendulum which inevitably results in an equilibrium again and again.

So you seek for something else, and people who have experiences with something else too. that was the "extension" part about. But the timing could not have been worse. Reality pushed me to a series of decisions which I do not have sufficient time nor knowledge to made. As a result, I ended up in worse position to advance further. The constrain of time also limits my ability for improvement or possibility of change. It was a year when I have to catch up with things and not the other way around.

**Year of Sustainability** - a half-baked idea that I would like to revisit.

_"I have tried to cut down on use of plastic bag, which meets with lots of resistance from street food vendors. Plastic bag is the utmost of convenience for any takeaway and is used for everything, to a point of redundancy. In one instance, I had 02 items of bread and each would be wrapped in a plastic bag and then both are put in a third one. This absurd amount of packaging is justified for convenience and sanitary. Other instances are no less wasteful with at least more than 02 layers of packaging for just an item of food that would then be consumed in less than 15 minutes. The state of breakfast is broken, and the only real viable solution is home-prepared food."_ - Me in April 2019 probably.

In April I had a crazy idea, what if , hear me out, what if I actually care about the environment and cut down on wasteful product. And it was quickly dwarfed by the overwhelming hits of reality. Really, unless you are working with a moderate workload and are able to finish the majority of your tasks in office, you won't have time to care about all of this. I barely have time to eat and trying to get every opportunity to take some naps let alone care for things that other people wrap my food in. I would just like to revisit this in another appropriate time.

related: [[Year of Volatility In restrospect]]

---
Previous day: [[(2019-12-15) Middle of the road]]

